kick off babak i chievo vs forza milan #3point
kick off chievo vs milan 
kakaaaa !!! chievo v milan ' kickoff '
its a milan time !
big choice of games ... going for chievo v milan - absolute must win for milan or allegri is surely out of a job
get up milan ! 
dear milan & arsenal , i hope you make my night to be awesome .
gonna miss milan-chievo , man utd-arsenal and napoli-juve because of the cable guy : @
 go milan !!! 
go milan
lets put milan's problems aside and go pick up 3 pts . daii ragazzi
come on milan !
come on milan !!!
kick off chievo vs ac milan 
milan milan milan milan milan milan milan !!! forza !!! keep calm , and always fighting !!
kick off ! chievo v milan !!
milan time
half time : chievo vs ac milan
kick off : cheivo vs ac milan !!!
kick off : chievo vs milan 
next game is coming live from stadio marc'antonio bentegodi !!! it's chievo verona vs ac milan , game on .
kick off ! chievo vs milan 
lets do this forza milan <3
kick off !! ac milan v chievo
ladies n gentleman , do watch chievo vs ac milan , this may well be the last match for allegri as a manager , if d result doesnt go der way .
the match between chievo-milan is underway ! forza milan !
the match kicks off : chievo - ac milan . 
kick off ! forza milan !!!
mexes is playing for milan tho 😀 ...
&good luck milan .
kick off first half ac milan vs chievo 
chievo vs milan 
kick off milan !!!
place a milan !
next liga serie a chievo vs ac milan ??
milan time !!
would quite enjoy a chievo win here against milan .
now for some lunch and ac milan 
milan day
milan time
hopefully city and milan win today ...
please we need to win ! we must win ! it's very important ! so come on ! we are ac milan ! 🔴⚫️
kick off forza 
time to watch milan game .
 #3point ale milan ale
for god's sake , forza milan !!! 👊👊👊
don't fancy sunderland v man city ? bishop's stortford v northampton town on itv1 ( facup ) or chievo v ac milan on bt sport 1 ( serie a )
lupa pulak milan playing now . that's how sad the current state of affairs are 
just watched spurs get mugged off . now to watch meeelan tear chievo a new one and then the main event . the arsenal vs utd . what a sunday !
forza milan i hope we don't loose today
kick-off ! ac chievo verona vs . ac mailand 0-0 
milan must win it's a must
kick off chievo vs ac milan 
kick off chievo vs milan #3point
chievo vs ac milan ?? let me guess ... its gonna be 2-0 for chievo
kick off first half chievo vs ac milan 
forza milan ! we have to win this .
lanjut milan , please 3 point tonight !! 
kick off : chievio vs milan
must win game for us ! come on milan !! 
come on milan . lose
good luck 
come on milan . 3 points today 🙏 
time to : chievo vs ac milan 
fourfold also for today . ac milan , atalanta , roma - 1.5 and mainz/frankfurt btts .
chievo vs ac milan #3points
 chievo vs ac milan ( 0-0) . 
forza milan !! milan vs chievo ! you cannot lose to a crap team !! 
fokus ke milan ! keep calm and always fight ! 
paloschi plays today , gotta bad feeling about this .. 
kick off chievo - milan 
chievo vs ac milan now at tvri . go .. go ... rossoneri ! enough for bad results , its time to get 3 points .
watching chievo vérone vs milan ac 
🔴⚫️ 🔴⚫️ 🔴⚫️ 🇮🇹❤️ 🔴⚫️ forza milan 
kick off ! chievo vs ac milan 
kick off chievo vs ac milan #3points
these english commentators always bashing milan , as usual .
watching chievo vs milan . forza milan , milan champione ! love you syg : *
dai milan 
i like watchin milan play
milan better win now 
go milan ❤️❤️
kick off chievo vs milan come on milan
come on milan ! 
milan ... play like a pro
kick off chievo vs milan 
kickoff : milan v chievo
kick off chievo - milan come on
muntari is possibly the worst signing milan have made in a while
come on milan !!!
first bet down . thank you nufc . cool money coming my way . ac milan and napoli shouldn't fuck this up .
galliani's stubbornness when he defends allegri back in july might cost him ( and milan it self ) his job 
cardinal scola was previously the patriarch of venice , but was promoted to the archbishopric of milan by benedict in june last year .
facings of v in all seasons 22matchs milan win17 drew3 chievo won2 goals 42-16 side milan
kick off ! chievo -milan ..
i think milan should change their coaching staff and philosophy and make galliani less powerful
kick off ! chievo -milan ..
time for milan 🔴⚫️
n0 milan . n0 party . f0rza milan ale milan ale ale ale .
lemme check out le game ye ac milan as i wait for utd v arsenal :d
at stadio marc'antonio bentegodi facings of v in seasons 11matchs milan win8 drew1 chievo won2 goals 15-8 side milan
here it goes ! my milan starts . you guys please make my night ? 
3 ' first corner kick for milan
 won last 13matchs in row against in !! “ no mercy ” against chievo !!!
kick off .. milan go ahead ..
motogp done , now milan
kick off ! chievo vs milan | !
peeeep !! and we have a kickoff .. forza milan !!
 let's do this 💪🙏
napoli >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> juve milan inter
kick off chievo vs milan :) 
congraaats marquez and now fight milaaaaan go go go .. chievo -- milan ! 
motogp selesai , lanjut chievo vs milan 
whatever , forza milan !
kick off 1st half chievo vs a.c milan .. 
watching football . chievo verona vs ac milan
come on milan
milan day
forza milan ! 
yap free kick for milan
i miss milan that play a beautiful game , yess
freekick to milan
free kick to milan
fk on the edge of the box for milan , 6 mins gone .
there is something abt chievo's pitch that makes da pace of da game unbelievably reduced ... everytime ... against every team
romantic break to paris or milan please ? 💋
6 ' free kick for milan
kick off ... forza milan ...
ac milan is a team you will respect no matter who you support .
well my day is sorted , milan , marseille then stuttgart game , shall be fun
watching milan match .
a win perhaps , lads ? 
 forzaaaaaa milan ..!!
optimis ac milan menang 3 point , forza milan ( y ) keep calm and always fight
change to football !! milan \m/
header mexesss !! goal kick for chievo
now !! nonbar ac milan vs chievo di fish venue . ramee !!
ac milan is officially dead
can someone please give me the link to watch milan ?
dear milan , you are nothing :))
not sur if ac milan och ac dive 
paloschi is from milan youth team , right ?
fucking 100 star sports channels and not one to show juventus napoli or milan chievo . sachin it seems .
wish we just took paloschi back from his continues loans to chievo istead of buying matri . maybe matri will do good today , u never know :)
wishing i could see the milan game but 
milan are playing well but i know with one counter attack it could be 1 nil chievo
just say forza milan !
city or milan match ?
milan days 
and forza milan ! * sob * why are all my faves on at the same time ?
come on milan !!!!
i still don't understand what allegri is doing . i mean that a formation you use against a superior team not chievo . no presence up front !!
time to watch milan ! 
milan should try use the false " 9 " tactics ... cos this matri is short 1 .
come on ac milan
forza milan yeaaaa
milan vs cheivo now
strootman reminds me of ancelotti when carletto played for milan
ac milan to win , roma to win , parma vs lazio + 2.5 match goals , cagliari vs torino btts gives an in play radio fourfold of around 8/1
meanwhile , chievo is fielding a 3-5-2 , too mainstream in italy , eh ?
astra live games , parma v lazio , bordeaux v nantes , chievo v ac milan , sunderland v city & that's just on a mini dish ! sunday afternoons eh !
come on milan beat chievo 
 is secretly loving this match ... chievo plays the kind of football that he wants to bring to the uefa champions league 
i'm awake at 7 am on a sunday to this , milan . you better fucking win .
good luck milan ♥♥
marquez the alien is the wotld champion , and if milan win against chievo tonight would be perfect ..
i'm watching milan's match just because of kaka
motogp , milan vs chievo , arsenal vs mu . what a night .
i completely forgot chievo vs milan is playing at morning xd i thought it will be at afternoon as usual .
congratulations marc marquez n keep calm lorenzo milan
it's more like 3-5-1-1 when milan do an attacking phase with emanuelson playing in his real position ( finally ) as a natural winger .
ac milan is one useless team ... *spits
forza milan , let's get 3 points ☺
come on milan !!!
this will be along day for milan , trying to break down this chievo defence ...
come on milan
dear galliani ... before leaving , please sell .
tassoti said this match ( if turn out ugly ) could put allegri at risk . now with that statement i'm in dilemma whether to support milan or not
i'm about to cry bc none of my friends can come to the artpop release party in milan , so i'm staying at home . i wanna die .
come on milan
my heart is in milan
i see by my tl that milan are meeting expectations , " allegri is stupid " " allegri can't manage " " i can do a better job " 
6 a.m. on a sunday o_o oh well . forza milan !!
arsenal , man city , roma , ac milan and lazio . let's go boys
i hope milan get 3 points tonight ...
if milan wins , it would be good for morale , put off the pressure , and decreasing critics 
milan needs to step up . we are falling far too behind in the league .
can't wait until honda comes to milan in january
remind me , why is montolivo our captain ? 
come on milan 3 point
forza milan !!! forza ragazzi !!! çome on show me your skill !!!
allegri should be fired if milan don't win today
waiting for milan . 
15` chievo - a.c. milan 0-0 
go milan and roma ...
seriously , do milan practice together or is this a random batch of strangers ?
go milan !
ac milan is playing chlevoverona right now
sassuolo far far better than chievo till now , kudos to our beloved eusebio !
i’ve seen more chemistry from sunday league teams 
the only thing milan is doing right now is shooting the balls straight to the defenders ' bodies .
watching the milan match without commentary . 
hate this to happen , roma/milan/city all the games underway . turnover is the answer !
abiatti ! what a save !!!!!!!!!! bek milan butut :((
milan need a defenaive system like chievo , all players except paloschi are in the box , marking tightly
we passed the ball better yesturday than milan are doing today ...
forza milan .
come on milan come on you idiot
el sharaaway saves milan from another loss this season
chievo - milan . same shit different game .
kickoff " chievo vs ac milan " milan
abbiati is actually alot better then people think . the amount of great saves hes made against barca , and chievo is unreal
cesar comes close to making it 1-0 for chievo , milan slack marking as usual
and chievo almost score by another goal in the air from a corner ...
everyone wish milan happy birthday !
come on milan ! don't make me mad again ..
bearing in mind chievo are bottom , if milan don't win allegri has to go
please someone teach how to defend
defensive lapse after defensive lapse after defensive lapse after defensive lapse after defensive lapse after defensive lapse 
f*ckoff milan defender 
milan , do you even defend ?
the chievo counter attacks again look dangerous
business has only two functions - marketing and innovation . - milan kundera
milan look so weak this year . de jong and kaka are the only players worth watching
defensive errors just cant piss of during milan games !!!!
lack of . creativity , low level of skills , no motivation at all ... what a disgrace team of milan now 
milan at bottom-club chievo . i say it every week , but allegri must be close to the chop , particularly if don't win today . 
milan is all in
bye bye sicily , i'll miss you . hello milan ❤️
claimed he was a scout for milan ( in his very limited english ) and when i said ' for benteke ?' he said ' yes of course but also le generale '
milan struggling to beat the chievo
psg but still milan style bro !
comeon milan .
i think i won't sleep tonight . milan is playing now . and will watch the awards at 3am . yeeh i just enjoying my free time~~
can milan get the win against chievo to save massimiliano allegri's job ? keep it here to find out
milan upsetting to watch
it should be a penalty for milan if matri was neymar
all matri has to do there is get a foot to the ball . that's all he has to do and milan are 1-0 up . yet he cannot and it remains 0-0
hate watching milan play these days i can't watch ! allegri you don't know what your doing motherfucker
poli deserves a first team spot . he is milan's best player currently . i don't care what anyone tells me . it's the truth .
if milan loses today i'll be emotionally unstable tomorrow .
no matter what . keep up the fight milan !! 
freekick in dangerous position to milan
21 ' free kick for milan , dangerous area . good chance
im so gonna be an insider when the boys come to milan
free kick again to ac milan
milan owner has a face like that churchill dog you know , saggy as fuck . harry redknapp-esque .
desperation meets passion and hardwork , will ends up in success , milan is desperate right now , but dont have enough passion to success
20 ' free kick milan ..
ac milan have de jong on set pieces over kaka .. and they wonder why they're struggling ??
22 ' shots by de jong , but off target . chievo 0-0 milan . 
the look on galliani's face is that off a deeply concerned man ... and not just concerned about milan's performance and result 
that de jong fk sums up the whole milan season .
nigel de jong on free kicks . i didn't realise how bad things had got for milan .
milan are desperately missing el shaarawy
well , at least milan are showing a bit of life this game ...
watching the chievo game and all i can think of is romeo and juliet quotes 
if are really serious about the youth transformation this is the right season to begin with .
going to watch milan later when it's on tv . want to see roma live now .
first time in my life i'm not even excited to watch milan ! it is so boring
chievo verona vs ac milan , sunderland vs manchester city . forza milan , c'mon city 
chievo e le spaccate <<<<<<< 
so if loses today , is it time to panic in the streets or keep the course ?! me ? i'm just nervous
come on guys ! they ' just ' chievo verona !
off to watch tennis and milan
hey , milan , can we like stop being shit for 90 minutes and win a match perhaps ?
allegri , i understand why you shift to 4-4-1-1 for barcelona , but why against chievo ?
all posession . no real threat . typical milan 2013/14 .
i was playing w milan on fifa last night and i tackled the guy w kaka and got a red card lololol
25 minutes have passed and milan have no idea what are they doing on the pitch ..
now watching ac milan vs chievo verona with my bro . he will miss his favourite club arsenal's match vs manu . ahahah
feel sorry for ac milan </3 my team . - .
i'm praying that chievo should win , so that clown allegri can get the sack ....
no ggmu no the guners no forza milan ! viscabarca ☆
milan has no finishers
id rip that captain's armband and bench monto so fast if i were coaching milan . pitiful from day 1 this year
abate ... just stop 
watching chievo vs milan ... not bad
come on milan
matri has been utter shit since joining milan
milan could have recalled alberto paloschi and got the same nothing out him that they've gotten out of matri , but a helluva lot cheaper smh
i don't understand how milan can expect massimo allegri to do good when they consistently sell his best players lool
comeon milan ! 
watching chievo verona - ac milan !!! 
milan dominant but not looking threatening at all .
milan look so ordinary !
absolutely clueless this milan , no idea what to do with the ball when in possession and its been that way for 3 years now
the problem is that milan extended allegri's contract . ha ha
after 12 hours now at hong kong airport half way to milan italy for simei , the world's largest winery equipment trade fair .
milan continuously look less and less like a team and more and more like a bunch of guys who have never met playing football ...
muntari wastes yet another counter attack with a stupid long ball . forza fucking milan you team of cunts .
hope milan drop points the shitkids
this five man midfield ( six +kaka ) gives milan more space to create chances , but as long as they aren't care of each other pos , it's a dull .
big match serie a italia chievo vs ac milan milan
forzaaaaaaaaaaaa milan .
which kind of clubs am i supporting ? just messing up this season ... milan &tottenham
watching kaka ' plays again in milan , is even worth than to watch milan win champions league :)
keep support , forza milan !
the best striker on the field is milan's . alberto paloschi .
chievo- milan ac ! 
allegri , i understand why you shift to 4-4-1-1 for barcelona , but why against chievo ?
seeing milan baros sent off makes me sad 
i should be doing school work right now but ac milan are playing - . - so yeah & ac milan are much more important xd & so is kaka xd
thought city was on bt sports just started watching ac milan tthinking wtf
like i really thing milan was trying to relate to me cause i'm really smart and she wanted a big tip . nah uh not today .
this ac(milan)really need some gas , isn't cold at all
the 4 mids is helping milan proceed forward . however , matri clearly cannot play the lone striker .
ethiopian coffee to get morn goin since my is borin me to ...
finially off to watch milan play :)
i always tawt of andrea poli being a ' kaka ' type of player at ac milan , i reali like poli , and now ac have both him and kaka !
i have a feeling milan gonna lose this match today 
when has beating chievo ever meant a manager's job is safe ? that's like saying you'll keep your job if you put the seat down on the toilet .
these 3 points are fundemental for milan , but allegri prefers starting with a defensive formation which is 4-4-1-1
can mom buy ac milan's red&black shirt ? | i think it's ugly | -_-
must i understand why poli and kaka are usually the only best players for milan ?
riccardo saponara should be given a start in games like this . muntari's defensive ability is pathetic anyway and this is chievo ffs !
come on milan !
looks like chievo v foggia it there
urby best player for milan after abbiati today ... 
we've a rb who neither defends nor crosses . we've a captain who forgot how to play long balls . we've an owner who forgot to spend . 
milan day ~o)b-)
ac milan are playing shit

horrible year to be a milan and city fan , i cant even watch without wanting to put a hole in my tv
excuse me while i place my hand solemnly over my face at this performance so far 
ac milan beneran main tanpa arah . they really need something to save this season .
los like chievo v foggia out there . ..
united is suffering but milan is on a whole different level
i wish we could hire marcelo , or phillip lam for a week or two just to teach abate how to make a fucking cross . 
one man ( ) against chievo , hey wake up everyone !!! he needs support
come on milan come on !!!!
 milan and man city . need a goal by each before half ends
please dong milan
milan wasn't to be a ultrasound tech .
milan are shit as usual
if milan can't win against this 20th place team , max should be sacked and the players should return their audis immediately .
chievo 0 vs 0 milan 31 ' 
looks like chievo v foggia out there
i can imagine stoke city laughing at milan for the lack of diversity in their attacking approach . 
so easy to see why milan are where they are . give the ball away too often and no real attacking threat .
go milan
milan need an arab takeover ... that's all ;-)
half an hour played at stadio marc'antonio bentegodi !! chievo verona 0-0 ac milan , at the moment .
watching this milan team play brings me absolutely no positive feeling . just another random horrible match . so frustrating .
i've seen more chemistry in my high school football team than this milan . this is pathetic :'(
come on milan u'r the big team
milan players : " keep looking threatening , but don't score ; he'll be gone by the morning ."
forzaaaaaaaaa milan
continue packing my luggage while watching with in da house , unfortunately cannot watch 
why isn't balo starting for milan ? allegri has lost the plot , and soon his job .
wathcing chivo vs milan . . 
muntari with pinpoint accuracy on his pass to the chievo player .
christina milan-dip it low is such a banger
stuck milan on , can't help wonder what city were thinking getting rid of de jong , perfect second leader
 chievo milan ac
come on milan !!!!
yellowcard cesar ( chievo ) * kdaumpatmaindiyks :d #3poin 
chievoverona vs ac . milan 
 !
shoot on goal ..? 0 target 
the only joy i'm finding in milan vs chievo match is watching kaka wear the no . 22 back .
hoping my mistress is having a good time in milan .
milan now come on ! 
so excited to go to venice , milan and verona in february
prrr . does chievo's playing scheme is to injure kaka or something . can you stop
c'mon boys ... this is football match , not a ping pong match 
fyi last time i missed a milan match we won .
every sunday i have the same routine wake up just before the milan game be disapointed in it then do homework then fuck around
the milan team is full of players who shouldn't be anywhere near it . muntari , matri , constant etc . etc . are all not good enough . 
watching milan is like watching tottenham it’s just crap football .
milan is gonna have more clothes than she could possibly wear 😔 lol i gotta stay offline
come on 
chievo 0-0 ac milan live yellow card at 35 ' by cesar b . 
such a boring match from milan ..
another trash performance by milan . all you need to know about this game . not even mad anymore just bored .
ac milan .... we waiting for you pple .
how lame milan are playing right now - i would rather study than pay attention to the match . 
even chievo fucked us so hard
this milan-chievo match is so hopeless it didn't even come with a match commentator ... an appropriate lega pro tone for 
i will say it again , i'm watching milan in glasgow the 26th of november jelly ?
exit ! focus ac milan 
no sharp in milan attacking sector
come on milan
milan's winter shopping list shouldn't be player focussed . it should read something like this : 1 ) unity 2 ) consistency
3 point milan
i love you , milan ... but you need to get your shit together . 
nice seeing milan playing
come on 
come on milan ...
this milan team have got to be one of the worst teams in the final third that i've ever seen ...
the words demi and milan in a sentence don't fit together
it's not a good sign when you need 5 minutes to remember last time milan won .
pretty interesting tactics by chievo . when attacking they play 3-5-2 , but right when milan get the ball they play 5-2-1-2
's playing style : 1 ) keeping making nonsense passes 2 ) play an absurd pass upfront . 3 ) defend/concede from counterattack . 4 ) repeat 1
come on milan !!!
if this remains 0-0 at ht , milan are definitely not winning this one . you heard it first here .
loool what has happened to ac milan , 21 points from 1st
why the hell allegri field 4411formation against chievo ??? did he think chievo is barca ?? maybe allegri asking to be sacked ...
oh poli ... best chance so far milan
good luck milan
that was a very good pass by abate . 
it took milan 40 minutes to make a promising foray into the chievo box . what a sad state the club has come to
city to win and milan to win double is 5.76 . hmmm should i ?
what have happened to milan ? they are truly shocking ...
give us 5 of poli & de jong and the title for the milan
ac milan need to score asap
can we just remind ourselves this is chievo we are playing ? chievo . or did they suddenly become a football powerhouse overnight 
boštjan cesar with his 5th yellow card at his last 5 seriea games . still 0:0 between chievo and milan .
chievo is as bad as it gets folks . this team is a waste of time under allegri .
woke up early to watch the milan game
youth team lead ternana / / milan - a goal from piccinocchi has given the youth team a 1-0 at half-time against ternana .
kaka ' is back in milan . ' bout time .
can milan just score already ? - . - '
milan really wasteful in front of goal . dominant in possession , but there's no point if you can't manage a shot on target !
i have brought so many snacks for when rob gets back from milan this afternoon ... hope he's hungry ! 🍫🍬🍭🍩🍪🍦🍼
milan are really struggling . they aren't making it happen in attack and sleeping in defence@
abate finishing the half with some energy 
complete one-way traffic ; milan don't look like scoring but chievo posing no threat at all . like an attacking v defence drill for milan .
come on , milan !!
it's only taken us 43 min to actually start playing . and bottom of the table chievo still had the best chance so far ... 
milan dnt win today ? the tears will flow
milan are the worst team in europe at this point
up early only to watch milan !!!
half time : chievo 0 - 0 milan . we can do so much better ... 
careless pass , careless defense .. it is not about the skill .. it is about confidence .. and i think milan hasn't solved that problem yet ..
ht chievo 0-0 milan optimis 3 poin optimis pecatttt axl
seria a double for you ... ac milan and lazio to win gets you a 5.6 /1 double . the stats are pointing the in play radio trio that way .
mario balotelli receives 3-game ban , milan reportedly will appeal : mario balotelli had a rough sunday .
muntari out - cristante in and milan will score a goal ....
milan's player are very good . the chemistry though .. yeah . it's shit
ht chievo 0-0 milan . now get on an attacker for 2nd half .
0-0 in verona . dominating , but offering little in attack until end of the half 
montolivo will miss the next match . he has been missing for a while anyways 
half time : chievo vs milan 0-0 
c'mon milan ,, i wanna see u to win this match !!! 
 
better game by milan but the ref is against us .. too many fouls not given
half time chieve 0 - milan 0
milan's player always proud of their jersey and will do the best
i still really don't think it conceivable that milan won't beat chievo , as poor as they've been .
milan with much possession but front line remains hopeless
milan mainnya ga greget banget .. keep clam and always fight . milaaaan
half time - chievo 0 - 0 ac milan 
having a bad day ? life got you done ? remember , you could be a milan supporter this year !
montolivo will milan's next match against genoa due to that booking .
mario balotelli receives 3-game ban , milan reportedly will appeal : mario balotelli had a rough sunday .
0-0 at halftime at the bentegodi in the game between chievo & milan . very worrying from a milan perspective .
super boring first half chievo vs merda !
matri and muntari have got to be the worst players to have don the milan shirt .
half-time : 0-0 / 
so allegri ... what you going to do now for the second half ? milan are piss poor right now ! 
how has max allegri not been sacked by barbra berlusconi already ? this hapless milan side isn't worthy of the name printed on their shirts .
milan , just mediocre without mario . monto must just give the armband back to abbiati .
northampton and milan toilet .. big 45 mins ahead for both teams .
can't complain about milan , first half we played well , we just need to take our chances better 
milan is very poor have to agree !
 ht milan 0 - 0 chievo 
milan needa kick up .
montolivo will miss milan's next match against genoa due to that booking .
ht : chievo 0-0 ac milan . the rossoneri needs to create more . 4-4-1-1 is not working !
milan dominating in the middle of the park , however concrete chances have been few and far between . lack flair & flamboyancy , predominately .
another dreadful half of football from milan . simply no ideas , no game plan , no imagination , no urgency and no commitment 
arsenal , chelsea , man utd , liverpool , ac milan , madrid , barca , bayern , mancity . rt if you see your club . 
boring half of football . milan can't pass , little creativity or energy .
pretty bad from all the 11 players on the pitch for milan . step your game up !!
come on milan !
milan's possessional dominance translates to absolutely nothing . 74% possession with just one shot on target .
finally , a positive comment after a half for milan . too bad it's not like this every game .
ht : chievo vs milan 0-0 &alwaysfight
why allegri is playing with 4-4-1-1 vs chievo ?
still trying to figure out what made think a 4-4-1-1 with no natural width was the way to attack chievo parking the bus
half time at stadio marc'antonio bentegodi !! still no goal at the interval ! chievo verona 0-0 ac milan , now .
inter milan takeover by erick thohir confirmed by massimo moratti : inter milan owner and president massimo mor ... puq0rpoibat1ek9acwh6
milan with 74% of possession in the first half ...
i'd like to see allegri continue utilising the flanks to exploit chievo's rather vulnerable 3-5-2 formation . ignazio abate v . much involved .
anyone having youtube link of ac milan vs chievo ?
half-time : 0-0 / half-time : 0-0 / sd
llegrotale with milan > matri with milan
i really dont know what the hell of a kind that allegri try to approach to get the goal in the first 45 . just same like nowaday milan . shit !
still find it funny how matri is milan's attacking threat now balotelli is suspended . £12m ? juve absolutely obliterated ac's arse there .
chievo holding milan at half time . could be fatal for max allegri if it stays that way ...
4-4-1-1 simply doesn't work against the 20th place team . does allegri really think chievo is as good as or have the same character as barca ?
jesus wept milan are awful
two shots on target in this milan game
i believe it's time to see milan young lads , they might make a difference .
greget gue liat milan main .
mario balotelli receives 3-game ban , milan reportedly will appeal : mario balotelli had a rough sunday .
i love ac milan
i think milan need to push another striker forward 
even with this team there's no way milan should be playing this poor !
chievo 0-0 acmilan . sunderland 1-0 manscumcity - phil bardsley ex man utd boy =-d
daaiii daaiiii dai milan ! 2nd half we must do much better ! 
even we're on the lead over chievo now , im still cant put my trust on him ( allegri ) with all his shit that he put on milan like this .
this style of play makes milan prone to counter attacks
milan is the best team . for me to poop on
come on milan
if we cant beat chievo today , its very , very sad . - ll
 definitely need some speed in midfield , very static .
nobar .... chievo vs ac milan , manchester city vs sunderland and arsenal vs manchester united . huhaaa huhaa :d 
new flash , milan players : you're playing fucking chievo .
4 cm/cdm’s against chievo . i have nothing to say . 
all ac milan needs is a striker who can finish , and they will be top 5 in serie a
i'd rather watch milan play like that vs ansar than chievo
i have milan to draw , just need a berardi to score for roma to draw & i'm in the money
pathetic milan is pathetic .. :( abate can't do crossing . the team relies too much on montolivo to create the attack .
time to get robinho a chance . kaka will be happy to play alongside his brazilian comrade . 
a lebanese league match(which is pure crap ) would bring more to the table than milan vs chievo ...
" no creativity " is the middle name of max allegri . boring milan is pathetic , yet tiring .
come on chievo ! show hellas that you can do it to
milan actually had some nice link up play , especially on the right side . matri too isolated in the box .
not watching milan's match💔
our weakness on set pieces highlights allegri's failings . 
when a match against a bottom team like chievo goes to half at 0-0 , you're playing with surface of the sun type fire .
bet placed at half time .. its all about the feeling .. man city , milan , feyenoord and unitd arsenal to draw .. bring it 👉👌
my heart burns when i look at the serie a table and see ac milan in 11th place :(
i'm planning to forget about watching the 2nd half of milan's match & go watch nadal-federer
as i said , if milan loses this game , i won't tweet for the rest of the day and that's till 12 am , and you guys will miss me .
come on milan ... show your strength ... i'm sure this horrible moment is gonna be end soon ...
zero shots in milan/chievo first half from either side . zero . why am i watching this match ?
time to give robinho a chance . kaka will be happy to play alongside his brazilian comrade . 
kaká completed 26 out of his 27 passes for milan in the first half . another good display , imposing himself as a starter . 
yiu know , milan and chievo are not bad at all , infact , they're 2 good , morally , they don't want to score so they won't hurt each other's feelings
this match so far was so boring , uninspiring , and less passion from both teams ' players .. helpless .. -__-* -milan
milan is gonna lose , idec
milan family is my family : *
i wonder how kaka and de jong does feel playing fa such a poor ac milan side
come on milan !
i'm laying in my bed staring at my blank , lifeless ceiling . you could say i'm trying to replicate the milan match .
come on wake up milan !
but kaka was meant for ac milan tota
come on milan
galliani will be leaving ac milan after the end of the this season . great man , every sindhi is proud of him .
if milan focus on the center rather than the sides and play a faster game they can score . but this way they never will .
to sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in eden , where doing nothing was not boring it was peace . milan kundera
the way milan are playing at the moment , being in the top half of the table is the only reasonnable expectation they can have
come on milan !
make the most out of the possession , ragazzi , and you'll have something to take into the international break . forza milan !
we make it look like chievo is as good as barça .... seriously what is this shit ? 
i believe ac milan 
galliani will be leaving ac milan after the end of this season . great man , every sindhi is proud of him .
but in all seriousness , what is keeping milan from not sacking allegri at this point ? how does one achieve such job security .
given galliani's expression today , quite obvious his next line of work after milan is mortician in sicily .. lots of clientele there
this is not about mu arsenal milan day , but today is ça
let's hope chievo is tired in the 2nd half & open some chance for scoring . for that , matri has to withdraw a little bit to get the ball .
come on milan ! 
milan needs something new ... new tactics , new players , maybe new coach more desire , efforts ...
deadlock ! come on milan !
dunno why milan never signed aquilani or maxi lopez .
come on you milan !!!!!
a simple fact to milan players : chievo are the 20th team in the table !!!!!!
grab a seat kiddies ... kevin constant is warming up , looking to rescue milan with a few wildly inaccurate crosses and shoddy defending
come on chievo win this game so you kick this asshole out
i'm wondering if our current milan squad could even beat a serie b team right now . this is relegation style playing . 
all milan need is a humble striker , like sheva and inzaghi , always had the right attitude on and off the field ,
74.4 % - ac milan's ball possession in the first half vs chievo : their seasonal record in serie a is 69.3 % ( vs bologna) . supremacy
yeahhhhh on top trend ~~~ forza milan
if celtic fans fancy keeping ana eye on milan , the second half of their game in chievo is about to begin on bt sport 1 . 0-0 .
second half chievo 0-0 milan 
come on la milan .. chievo verona only la why so hard to win ?
kick off babak ke 2 chievo 0-0 milan optimis 3 poin optimis pecaattt
2nd half kicks off ! forza milan !
how desperate are you right now milan ?
kick off 2nd half . chievo 0-0 milan . forzamilan .
come on milan !
milan is a mess up ah swear !!!! mtsheeew !!!! 
 : 2nd half has started . milan haven't made any substitutions . 
come on milan !
2nd half kick off chievo 0-0 milan #3point 
milan are going to concede , then score an equalizer ....... and a corner .. we all know what will happen next
come on milan , come on !!!
has de jung lost his basic barbarianism ? he seems much less like rabid dog who should be put down in milan
lol they just showed milan highlights whatta joke
second half is underway ! forza milan !
been a starter and a key player in this milan side describes the mediocrity of this milan team 
if celtic fans fancy keeping an eye on milan , the second half of their so far 0-0 match away to chievo has just started on bt sport 1 .
come on , milan !
come on milan fuck
come milan 
milan nearly hitting 75% possession in the first half against chievo .
ac milan's future keeper is on his way to a 2nd clean sheet
missed the first half but obviously didn't miss much . anyhow , forza milan !!!!!!!!
ac milan always draw .. then lose next time , buy superstar , moron manager .. noob cant score against small team :p
watching the ac milan game to try and calm myself .
come on milan !
' last time milan started a season this badly they were relegated .'
second time chievo 0 - 0 ac milan . ♥
the second half kicks off : chievo 0-0 ac milan .
go milan gooo !!!!
forza milan ! 2nd half on !
second half is now underway enjoy come on milan !!
just tired of watching ac milan .. go die black nigga balotelli , come to milan for what .. get lost black fellow
there was a time italian football was best in europe watching milan now not much good
milan will win this 2-0 kaka and matri to score
we need more quality on the pitch to break down a very defensive chievo . robinho/saponara on for muntari please kaka can't do it alone
go milan go milan ,, well get 3 points to night 
come on milan
come on milan
let's go milan !!!
i would love to shop in milan or paris , ( when i am rich ) they are definitely tied as the worlds fashion capitals
nonton milan dulu o: )
these chievo-milan highlights are less entertaining than all of the tweets about your fm teams ' results
milan should just replace allegri with someone else . we need a fresh start . the football for the past 3 years is boring !
£5 double on city and milan , decent odds !
c'mon milan
milan won't ever score by this way .
u took milan into the abyss of damnation
who was the scout that brought this matri to milan ?
milan play ? i think like that : zzzzzzzzzzzzz ...
chievo playing like milan do against barca . sitting back and allowing opposition to dominate .
twitter got problem with me , ac milan also got problem .. what the heck is going on > <
any team can pass when defenders are laying off , but just one bit of pressure and milan loses possession even against chievo ... terrible
come on milan !!
come on milan !!!!!!
ac milan noob 
 . milan and some of my favorite teams . just realised played for all of them during his career
milan day , come on milan
2nd half is under way . forza milan
ac milan not helping . nervous af .
c'mon milan !!!!!
milan is literally falling apart and idk whether to laugh or cry
forza milan 
come on milan
ac milan pull your finger out . thanks
roma is making my day but what's up with milan ??!!!!
better keep losing ac milan .. im just tired watching you all , lose then draw .. noob team ever :p
watching ac milan v chevio 0-0 at half time ac playing poor . you know what we could take them on this evidence 
ale ale milan ale from curva sud in chievo home ..
milan should be losing 1 nil .. that was a tap in
hahahha are we just lucky or are chievo that dumb ?
milan game is really really boring
hope kaka score today and milan get the 3 points 
 forza milan ❤✌👍 milan aka my life ❤ rossoneri forevah ❤✌👍
poor you chievo
anyone but chievo and that’s 1-0
to those who are whining we don't have our best players on field ... we shouldnt need world class players to beat chievo ... seriously 
milan are so shit
chievo should've scored ! abbiati denied paloschi and rigoni turned the rebound on to the side-netting ! 
chievo almost score again . this is insane .
incredible miss for chievo captain !!!! 
how did chievo not score there ??
what a chance for chievo
need city , psv and milan to pull through here
what a miss by chievo
milan rarely gain 3pts lately .. those attention whores are quiet too lately . always look at the bright side ..
chievo misses a sitter ! 
shocking miss from chievo forward .
great save abiatii and full of shit from chievo . lol
milan given a life-line after chievo miss a basically open goal ...
i'm laughing at chievo and our defence :')
come on milan ...
focus milan , stay focus -__-
chievo are so shit
typical milan there . pass pass pass .. lose possession and risk conceding a goal . same mistakes , same style . 12th match week it is .
luckily for us , chievo stuffed that up
lol chievo almost take the lead ! 
milan is going to win this
milan very lucky not to concede there . rigoni had open net and put it wide .
how did you miss this chievo !
fuck sake , open goal , just needs to finish it off and he misses 
oh my god what chievo has just missed ...
goodnight my friend , rilex from my sofa at my house with sports channel in this evening . motogp , milan , tennis , man utd . i love this moment !!!
milan look so so poor today . jeebus .
milan saved from going down 1-0 by a finisher who was actually worse than its own defenders ..
we should be 1-0 down to chievo right now lolol
i have to admit it , inter milan are back like they used to be ....
just over 20% possession and chievo has the best chance of the game so far smfh ...
milan very close to be down 1 in this game ! we got lucky there ...
haha ! chievo almost scored . poor milan . 
chievo almost take the lead . milan really love playing wasteful football , getting caught on the break and conceding .
how did chievo not score ?
my five places i want to go to in life are 1 . mecca 2 . milan 3 . dubai 4 . la 5 . rio de janiero
we can't even score against chievo
52 ' 0-0 : multiple chances for the flying donkeys in front of goal . they come away with nothing ? 
come on milan .. we supported you guys on field .. forza milan
milan united methodist church is selling fudge . $ 6.00 /box peanut butter and chocolate .
every time milan get near the penalty box i just pray no one takes a useless long shot
how is this milan side a professional team ? i do not understand .
milan on the ropes against bottom placed chievo who have one win and two draws all season . embarrassing .
its so good to see kaka in a milan shirt , shouldn't have the club .
come on milan !
loool . galliani patiently looking on as ac milan continue to play shit
rigoni missed an open goal . should've punished milan there .
chievo miss a wide open goal after a counter attack . shot parried by abbiati , rebound goes wide .
my wise advise to milan coach , muntari out robinho/niang go inside to the pitch . 
paloschi missing chance on open goal to bring chievo 1 up over milan ! another one for conspiracy theory as he is half owned by milan
i dont know if i want milan to win to get the 3 points , or to loose so allegri gets under more pressure
two goals in two minutes , things looking up . parma 0 lazio 1 , cagliari 1 torino 1 . still deadlocked at chievo v milan
personally i dont think milan should sack allegri , if they do then berlusconi and the rest should go also
we can't even score against chievo ...
come on milan !!!!!
goals are pouring in now for the other serie a matches . time for milan to 
sad stori : ac milan rt if u cri evrytiem
 man city and milan don't be scared to score bro
come on chievo , even matri wouldve scored that ... i guess !
sacking allegri would be the greatest achievement for milan in the past 3 years ..
ac milan on one channel bishop stortford on the other . which to watch ?
they just missed a sitter ffs i hate milan please lose
go home paloschi , milan is your home
 ac milan & city !!!! come on boys !!!
milan need to score come on
why do british commentators have to put on stupid accents when watching italian football ... richard hughes ... milan are bad btw ...
clumsy game . i want my milan back :(
tumbleweeds rolling across the desert plain more exciting than milan-chievo ... children everywhere crying for the channel to be changed
you just know milan will sneak a 1-0 .
haha and again chievo missed the same way 😂
chievo is the most obvious modern day example of catenaccio football . try and grind out a 0-0 draw , even at the bentegodi
ac milan score now
as an udinese fan , it's comforting to know that milan is just as shitty as we are . until i remember i witnessed milan beat us/nearly me .
allegri to tassotti : " did you get those tickets to aruba ? i think we're gonna want those after this one . even chievo fans will hate us ."
the goal is coming !! forza milan !! from south africa :)
come on milan !
come on milan !!!
damn you alle ! you ruined this squad ! just get the hell out of milan you moron !
 post-match : " matri did everything i asked of him . chievo is a world power which must be feared in a short week ."
c'mon milan 3poin in ur hand 
it seems like its the last 30 minutes for allegri with 
i do my fair share of complaining about milan , but all i see now are milan fans whining every 2 seconds
playing for milan used to mean something , man .
whatever people say , keep forza milan
come on milan
adriano galliani will leave milan ... should be interesting to see the rossoneri run by barbara berlusconi
hey chievo , i have a challenge for you ...... how about tackle someone & not foul them ?!?!? can you actually do that !?!?
what a wonderful save from the chievo keeper , there !
poli is destroying the chievo defense
any chance of a goal from city or milan ?!? not asking a lot ! goal dancing like crazy here .
59 ' wonderfull shoot from urby !! ditepis kiper chievo 
emanuelson smashes it off the bar from outside the box , milan pressing now , 60 mins .
 loving you is wrong , we don't want to be right >> forza milan
milan day
come on milan
that ball almost got away from the chievo goalkeeper .
i don't know what to feel anymore when it comes to milan . i mean , i love them to bits but seeing the team like this ... it's hard .
come on milan !!
man of the match kiper chievo
scholarship ke milan donggg ..
puggioni denies emanuelson and a mexes volley , milan getting closer 
the red bull that milan was forced to chug at half time is now kicking in ! 
glorius kick from urby , best milan chance . 
once milan woke aint no going back to sleep
milan kunis is prolly the baddest bitch in the world to me !
this is milan !
milan are getting closer to breaking the deadlock .
kaka crosses it , defense clears & then de jong takes a long shot & chievo goalkeeper makes amazing save , corner again
that's the spirit milan ........ 
oh mexes on the volley ! so close ! better from milan !
ayo milan ! i love you {}
damn milan tho
so close from milan once again .
tough guy , chievo's goalkeeper .
chievo 0 vs 0 milan 60 ' 
an hour played at stadio marc'antonio bentegodi !! chievo verona 0-0 ac milan , still on the scoreline .
come on milan !!
wow another big save from the chievo goalie my word !
come on milan !
we will regret not capitalizing these stupid chances . against chievo . let that sink in 
milan's set piece logic . whoever is closest takes it . amazing !!
mexes volleys from outside the box too which nearly sneaks in , another corner for milan . pressing hard now .
an ale milan
gds : - coach massimiliano allegri risks a lot against chievo , but the most important change comes from silvio berlusconi .
we are playing fantastic ! forza milan !
i like these long range shots milan is taking
puggioni has had some good saves for chievo this match .
milan time ....
please kiper ny chievo please , stop saving , stop blocking the ball ...
all up in milan . banks breaks the banks with her songs .
don carlooooo tolong milan dongggg !!!!!!! 
i'm so glad milan got rid of maxi lopez . he and his gf were so annoying
go go ac milan !
74.4 % - ac milan's ball possession in the first half vs chievo : their seasonal record in serie a is 69.3 % ( vs bologna) . supremacy .
come on milan !!
this must be painful to watch for milan fan's .
de jong by far milan's best player of the season
" metaphors are not to be trifled with . a single metaphor can give birth to love . - milan kundera "
kaká completed 26 out of his 27 passes for milan in the first half . another good display , imposing himself as a starter . 
chievo vs ac milan . now !
more crap in this milan side than my cat's litter box . and he's a big , hungry cat .
should i watch roma or milan
come on milan !!!
milan supporters should be nothing but grateful to galliani , who has played a relevant role in milan victories of the last 27 years
milan isn't as good as they should be without a good striker , balo not playing today is hurting them
come on milan ..!! keep calm and always fight
milan don't get complacent of the back tho .
" i enjoy not having better players available to sub mediocre ones that are playing " - said no milan fan ever . 
hope we keep this performance up all season . fantastic by milan so far
ac milan are dogshit .
come on milan get 3 point ... 
barbara berlusconi deserves the benefit of the doubt , but would she be ready for milan ?
this game needs winger , especially milan . imo . ... and btw wtf mintarin just doing
milan need to pull their finger out and score . 
milan defence playing well to cover two chievo counters . rossoneri have to be careful when they attack with 8 men .
haha , are done for now . big serge is on !!
milan gone make me mad
matter of time surely before ac milan go 1-0 up against chievo even if they r shite at the moment , chievo r more shite ! currently 2.64 ...
come on milan !!!!!
finally confidence from milan . some really good shots on goal .. # forzamilan
the immortal sergio pellisier comes on for chievo . we're screwed .
fwiw , koscielny and vermaelen bossed ibra and ac milan at the grove . seems like a long time though .
kaka , poli and dejong are by far the best players at milan
that's it . had enough of this mediocre ' milan '. can't watch anymore .
what's wrong milan ?
this milan's attack is just toothless
chievo is playing with 8 players in their own box , while milan is playing with the legendary matri as the only striker .
i can just hope that life takes me in a direction that i want .... ny , la , london , paris , milan ... who knows .
watching chievo- milan later manchester united :d
go go milan
everybody so busy with match day arsenal vs mu . no one notice if ac milan always fighting to made a goal ☺
cumon milan get a fucking goal
come on milan
what's going on with ? :(
milan needs to score soon  
come on milan
first time in my life that robinho is about to be brought on for milan and i will be happy .
milan sub : in : robinho out : muntari ( great sub ) 
chievo 0 - 0 acmilan 
we are ac milan !!!! ale-ale-ale-ale 
sip milan menang tumpukin ke arsenal $$$ haha 
allegri doesn't need deep-lying playmaker like pirlo and only need an enforcer like muntari or de jong . that's why milan doesn't play well
let's go milan , we need to win today ! 
genuinely believe i could manage ac milan better than allegri
now ! i look another player like gattuso in milan , dejong !
ask for pelanty to the reff .. is this milan ?? ffffffffffffuuuuu .......
seriously chievo
ompongmi milan ... x_x
how the hell they couldn't score against so far ??? milan's players need to be motivated ..
how was that not a penalty ? this ref always want to worsen milan's cry ... smh
milan playing a 4-3-2-1 now
does every team in italian football have a stripped kit similar to inter and ac milan ?????
he is worthy of wearing milan's jersey 
so my parents asked me to either go to milan , italy or nyc for christmas break idk which guise help me out here plssss
dear milan , and montolivo . great team not searching for penalty . play well and score . like , please .
milan needs to score !
ohhhh milan come on .....!!!!!!
italians love waking up early as fuck on sundays . at least milan is playing . daiiiii ragazzi !
 : milan are now playing in a 4-3-2-1 ( christmas tree ) formation with kakà and robinho behind matri . 
milan score please atleast score 1 goal :(
dark days for milan side . even when kaka features . reconstruction it is !
i know playing against a basement is difficult but never ever dream that will be struggling against chievo .
christ milan have gone shite
zapata .... we wait u make mistaken for losing milan
see ac milan i fucking hate them . i absolutely hate them stinking italian dickheads . 
great commentary chievo milan after milan pen claim , " you can't help the fact that your arm is attached to your body "
daiii .. daiii ... daiii milan ...
this game cannot end in a tie ! milan needs to start gaining those 3 points
what makes sunday ? forza milan !
tiro de esquina a favor del milan 70 ' 
come on milan ..
20 mins left come on milan
galliani looking like he just suffered a stroke watching milan's performance 
how have milan not scored against chievo ffs
fucking massive for milan 8 mins you c**ts !!!
highlights of the melvindale at milan football game will be on state champs ! today at noon on cw50 detroit
come on milan ..
come on milan !!
ac milan are pudding
hopefully chievo win , sick of allegri
this is a very entertaining 0-0 , but i'd take a mind-numbingly boring 1-0 win for milan any day . come on kaka !
milan come on
7 plays last night and today . all 7 overs . 29 overs in a row . including milan/chievo for 2x hahahahahhaha
waiting on a roma , atalanta and milan goal for £540 so nothing major boys . come on !!!
in play ac milan
milan still goalless at chievo , maybe 20 minutes for allegri to win a stay of execution
milan are playing a team that have no idea how to play football ..
please milan 1 gol !
remember the movie space jam how the players had their talents stolen ? must've happened to in summer . 
milan's telling me she wanna have her birthday party at the zoo 😳😳
ok i have been team and i love him and i will miss him but i can't believe this is my milan &cant score against cv !
so a milan fan has put the milan coach up for sale on ebay for €1 ...
come on milan !
milan just cant score a goal atm . despite kaka matri robinho and ref's best efforts . 18 min to go and then bye bye allegri
i predict ac milan end up winning 2-0 kaka & matri with the goals ...... yes i just said that .....
milan duric ( trapani ) striker who was prolific for u21 . has decent pedigree in second tier italian football . 
come on milan !
e finisce 2-0 ! go milan primavera go ♥ i'm so proud of them ♥♥♥♥♥
chievo i mean . their just so dreadful .
chievo goallll ................ offside
its 2.30 am in sydney , i'm thinking a 2 hours sleep would have been better than this garbage being dished out by milan
commentator talking about names in ac milan . son , we have matri , robinho , niang , muntari , noccerino . what's wrong with those names ?
no matter what the result .. milan should replace allegri with new coach .. he didn't know how to motivate the team anymore ..
chievo had the ball in the net , but the ref had already stopped play for an incredibly tight offside flag 
come on milan 3 point !!!
milan with 75% ball control , 16 goal attempts , 3 shots on goal ---- 0 goal .. and that against worst team =d efinition of a shitty team
what a let off for milan
chievo was robbed again haha
in - 73 mins played , chievo 0-0 milan .
chievo goal ruled out for offside
fucking hell . why didn't chievo score ?!
chievo score so offside goal , this is wank
disallowed goal for chievo , should be losing 2-0
milan struggling to beat chievo and you still think allegri shud stay ???? you are an idiot for thinking that
cheivo holding milan . . . look at poli
linesman robbed chievo a clear goal there :(
will u guys drop points against chievo again ?
( i've been a horrible fan this season but can't say milan have made it easy)(i still love you <3 )
first , madrid n juve , then barcelona n milan , dortmund n arsenal and now mu n arsenal ... why must all the big matches happen during as .. sigh ...
15 minutes remaining ... come on milan ..
come on milan !
uhhhh ... i don't think its offside . lucky , lucky milan .
no offside there milan should be 1-0 down
chievo got robbed ... lol
don't know about that offside ... very close ... milan again very fortunate to avoid conceding .
poli's shot missing a bit wide . chievo and milan still tied 0-0 .
milan extremely lucky to still be on level terms . paloschi perhaps a centimeter offside , perhaps not .
wow reffs got the call wrong there .. milan lucky
ffs milan . give me a goal . just one goddamn goal you miserable italian .... team !
come on city and ac milan !!
that was a goal for chievo
come on milan !!
come on milan
free kick to milan
that is just dirt by chievo .
milan looks fuckin goooooooood . bout to ring the free kick
it's the time milan !! don't waste any chance more you can do it ! 
freekick for milan
fk for milan just outside the box .
yikes . chievo player looked awfully onside for that goal ...
watching milan matches these days are no fun !
milan aint scoring today
still 0-0 in milan ... and i was trying so hard not to use foul language on the lord's day .
tough one for the linesman . but probably correct to offside that one on chievo .
wtf was that ? 
we should all accept we are getting really emotionally destroyed because of this milan but we are too keen on to leave .
please milan one goal !!!
come on milan 
man city and ac milan in play pays 23/1 boom
so milan and city are going to let me down for my bet already -_-
ac milan are absolutely awful !
if paloschi scored , he'll get back to milan until 29 . matri 2nd 
 only once in 22 previous meetings have ac milan failed to score against chievo ( a goalless draw at the san siro in march 2003 )
spain : without striker = ac milan : without finisher 
if milan can't beat the bottom side what hope is there
the awkward moment that my 2 year old niece has better finishing than robinho . 
constant in to save milan . poli off .
actually milan at this low level is not new to me so i am more like patiently waiting for a miracle to happen
comeon milan !!!
nadal wins :/ it's time for milan to lose now : @
milan are just depressing .
milan need a goal with 13 mins to go so they put constant on .. what is the point ?
constant in poli out ! 
this must be the end . i would be unhappy with a late goal i think , means we win and everything is hunky-dory at milan .
milan desperate for a goal , allegri brings constant for poli ... im loving in denial
so whats the deal with paloschi ? is he a mialn payer that we loan to chievo every season ?
come on milan !!! constant !
milan sub : in : constant out :p oli
milan are so hopeless ... can't even score against bottom of the table chievo
roma players dive a lot damn , soon they'll be even worser than milan
the best examples of pressing in the modern era are barcelona under guardiola and milan under sacchi . those two elevated it to an artform .
come on ac milan !
come on milan 1 gol pleaseee
sorry milan , but i got bored ..
leaves falling down in my yard is more interesting to watch then this milan match
slow burner in italy but finally coming to life ... need a couple of quick ones in the chievo game and 1 more for roma please !
milan desperate for a goal , allegri brings constant for poli ... im living in denial
backstreet boys in milan todaaaay i need a pic with them
acosty on for 
i believe in milan , the problem is milan players don't believe in themselves .
please milan
shopping , instead of going mental watching milan play
milan almost . what the fuck is wrong .
milan's performance makes me wanna cry
come on milan we can't draw we have to win team kaka 
if milan don't beat chievo , allegri better be fired or else i'm done with them
omg omg milan is so stupid > how the hell robinho missed that chance
come on milan . your killing me here .
you're actually fucking with me right now . buy him some contacts !!!!
what's wrong with milan 
milan aren't allowed to finish .
milan so unlucky
bad luck milan
robinho hits the post . milan should be ahead .
incredible , milan .
watching ac milan game while waiting for arsenal
milan need miracle .
bruh , cesar milan's wife is bad !!!!
ac milan is playing in pipe city today 
kicking allegri ass is now close than anytime ever , yessssss # fireallegri 
robinho hits the post ! ac milan knocking on the door , can they do it ? 10 minutes to go ... 
constant comes on ... 2minutes later milan hit the post
milan unlucky everyday !
robinho did in 10 min more than what matri did in 13 match with milan
milan just ugly !!!!!!! 
milan of the apes
that very moment , define the whole situation for milan right now ..
why milan why
apes apes apess :( come on milan
we're better than this milan .
if ac milan don't win today , new coach for them
 lucky there the ref have an eye .... we would now be chanting the chant .
if lose means allegri will be sacked , then i am rooting for chievo
come on milan
honestly , i've lost count of the number of attempts on goal milan have had . outrageously poor finishing combined with a few fine saves .
milan xi now : abbiati shitty rb-shittycb-mexes-shitty lb poor monto-de jong-shitty player kaka-robinho shitty striker
we're into the final 10 minutes here at stadio marc'antonio bentegodi !! chievo verona 0-0 ac milan , still the scoreline .
robinho - what a joke he's become 
robinho's chance sums up milan's season . total failure .
79 ' 0-0 : robinho is in with the keeper to beat and he goes off the post . this match is a head-scratcher .
milan score you bunch of belters
come on milan !!
milan hit the post 10 mins to go score still 0-0 .. obviously there in my bet . why the fuck do i bother ! 😡
watching this milan game milan play real good but aint taking chances
any chance of an ac milan goal ?? 
come on milan !!!
robinho ... that should be a goal for milan .... good run but poor finishing .
why wouldn't robinho shoot to the far post . was a sure goal for milan , there .
milan so unlucky is this a signal for allegri to packing ?
milan so unlucky
this milan has the same qualities of a team fighting relegation . very sad times for us and no light at the end of the tunnel .
what makes it worse , the team milan are playing , are dead last !
milan match is still goaless ? d:
milan only drawing with chievo , they are having a terrible season .
what ever you said about ac milan ,, i always love them ,, okey !!
come on milan !!
come on milan
ac milan is much better today . a goal would be nice though .
milan down to 10 men , montolivo 2nd yellow card ! 
come on milan ....
and now montolivo's been sent off . milan are falling apart
funny football by milan
montolivo red card , setelah 2nd yellow ... what a day for milan ...
how shite are ac milan 
red card for montolivo . what a bad game from milan ...
it seems that milan will win at the end of the match . a 90 minute goal as always .
milan need god ....
montolivo sent off ... it just gets worse and worse for milan ...
red card !!! the captain of milan
and that was !!! another unlucky milan ! montolivo booked into the red card !!!
come on milan 
come on ac milan !!!!! 3-|
montolivo red ! chievo holding their own
ac milan r in trouble now , captain sent off :-(
milan , from bad to worse . lol
hahahahahaha milan with 10 men . like we were playing exceptionally well with 11 right ?
montolivo sent off for milan .
semakin berat .... red card for monty .... keep fight milan ...!!
even if we get a late winner this is an embarrassing performance 
why are milan so shit now is there a reason to it
milan down to 10 men , montolivo 2nd yellow card ! 
red for montolivo and all of a sudden i sense an impending loss for milan against last place chievo
milan down to 10 men . still 0-0 with chievo .
montolivo sent off .. milan down to 10 .. 7 mins to go .
at least milan aren't losing .
its over for milan ?
red card to milan's captain , riccardo montolivo . 
milan down to 10 men .. montelivo gets a red !! milan is just playing kak of late
red card montolivo " out " 
frustating for milan . pecat allegri ?
montolivo gets his 2nd yellow & milan are down to 10men
red card for montolivo . this game is a total mess for ac milan . for god's sake , 
montolivo sent off : s . what an unlucky night for milan ?!
monty red card ! oh god , save milan
i pity milan ... i really do
milan down to 10 men and drawing 0-0 with bottom club chievo . 6 mins to go . 
 captain montolivo sent off for being an idiot 
milan down to 10 man
come on milan !!!
monty red card , what a day for milan ...
milan are an absolute joke this season ! montolivo just sent off , still 0-0 against bottom of the league chievo
i don't even believe he's milan's captain simply he don't deserve it !!! that is it
great , rip ac milan !!
montolivo sent off for milan if only his suspension went into the cl
please lose now milan .
robinho has done more harm than good in his milan career .
lauren london and christina milan are soo bad 😍😍😩😩
if milan loose against chievo , allegri seems to be fired .
montolivo sent off for milan .
montolivo sucks man , not a milan quality player
montolivo picks up his 2nd yellow card , so he is sent off . milan down to 10 men for the final minutes .
milan , what a shit team !
83 ' 0-0 : montolivo has been booked again and sent off . 
can we officially call milan a dumpster fire ?
montolivo sent off , milan had the game unless
how is montolivo the milan captain i say this everyday nobody in the squad is fit to be captain
sad to see milan in this situation ! poor performance 
red card for milan's captain . milan will fight with ten players 
milan falling apart .
first game on my coupon and ac milan are about to fuck it already 
lol milan what the hell
chievo 0-0 milan at half-time / / milan - milan are goalless at chievo after the first 45 minutes .
chievo vs milan game is so dead
milan need serious deliverance , shit has really hit the fan there
gemes liat milan .
milan , with robinho in the starring role , are the greatest comedy show i've seen in years .
whats wrong with milan haaaaa .... shiiiitttttt
respect for ricardo montolivo . need miracle for ac milan
what a milan !!!
hope samp can win this evening and bologna grab a goal to send milan closer to the relegation zone .
milan down to 10 men , montolivo red card . 5 minutes to the end ( hey allegri , i meant of the game )
montolivo has been given the marching order by the ref . milan one man down against chievo verona
what a day for milan , montolivo sent off
knew i should have played chievo . guh .
red for monty .. milan really unlucky
honestly port vale under 9's could beat ac milan .
so many missed chances , especially from milan -_-
a.c. milan is scrapps ...
is any strikers on milan bench ?
montolivo gets his second yellow card , and he's shown the red . milan continue with 10 players .
milan just dey waste chances
milan is fucking up so bad .
a milan captain has been sent off ? wow .
milan imploding this season . mixed feelings . love it but it's undeniable how important milan is to italian football .
how many " its just not our day " can milan have ? this has been a very brutal few weeks ... * sigh * / throws hands up
what a day for milan !!!
redcard milan down to 10 men , montolivo 2nd yellow card ! 
common milan forza don’t make me sad
dis milan team sef don taya person to dey support . hanhan kilode chievo lasan lasan
oh unlucky milan
unlucky !! come on milan !
montolivo will now miss milan's next match against genoa .
ac milan need to sell motilivo in january . he is useless for both ac milan and italy
ac milan is that family member that got hooked on drugs & is now a goddamn bum . still love em , but hate what they've become .
unlucky milan
captain is off . anyway it's not his ship . 
ac milan get a red offs
watching milan vs chievo . pity milan they're so poor this season ):
montolivo receives his second yellow ( playing with 10 men ) 
how shit are ac milan these days
goal post is milan best friend for tonight u_u
milan aggy 😂
this milan squad is just embarrassing .. no light at the end of the tunnel either .. gonna be a rough next couple of years 
come milan , !!
that awkward moment when milan have a worse luck than bryan !
milan mandul * lol
robinho's miss looks costly now that montolivo sees red . milan really looking average whole season so far . allegri almost gone surely ??
oh hey let's sub cristante when we have 5 mins left . tactical genius 
bro oh my god , milan has such clear chances and they keep missing each one
come on milan !!
milan . bad luck or just less determination ?
are ac milan going to score ?..
jeez , down to ten men , milan . can they hold on ?
holy fuck , cristante is playing ?!?!?!?!? he's actually making an appearance for milan ?
was that a yellow card ? really ? just what we needed ... fight , milan ! 
there is definitely something wrong with this ac milan team
milan come on !
some magic plz milan
milan just cannot finish😡😡
bruh milan have the worst luck .
milan , why u waste so many chances ?
humph . milan is stressing me out .
chievo is crazy !
i almost feel bad for milan , then i remember the ridicule when we finished 7th 
come on milan !
yes , stop and re-read : mexes is currently the captain of ac milan .
83 ' ricardo montolivo hasn't done allegri any favours as he gets his 2nd yellow card of the game and is sent off . still chievo 0 milan 0
hang on the sun ! come on milan ....!!!
montolivo is the worst captain in the history of milan . a real bidone .
where are the ac milan fans on my tl ???? azeez da ???
 neanche a porta vuota ! 2 
bout to go get me and milan something to eat
 defeat with 10 player
charle , ac milan dey br33 fuck !!!
fuck off milan !
ac milan are fucking so bad these days
sell boateng then buy matri ! genius ! haha * milan logic
this is a last placed chievo . this is disgusting , but you know milan will score at the last minute and save allegri's ass
 disappointing for milan . their internal problems need to be sorted otherwise this could be a very disappointing season .
i think zlatan made milan and allegri look a lot better than they are . he was a one-man team and now that he's gone , milan are shite .
i hope milan isn't relegated .
when does milan dairy queen open ? 
ac milan are shit
as if things couldn't get any worse for milan , mexes just given captain's armband .
milan please
milan are no longer title competitiors , even after selling their aged players .... still struggling
milan game over 
1 gollll milan 
let's goo milan
kaká off .. it's almost the same that say that milan is off 😐
milan don't even look in a hurry to score against bottom of the log chievo with 5mins to go
chievo 0-0 milan milan down to 10 . but only 5mins left ....
poor milan ! unlucky . aaaaarrgghhh-_-
monto sent off for milan .... its all going wrong in milan isn't it ?
i wonder how much it would cost to gets married in a cathedral in milan
follow the results of the five matches played in serie a in his day sunday will be present in rome , milan or lazio 
milan have officially hit rock bottom . 
17 attacking plays for milan and not 1 goal scored
hahahaha can't stop laughing at milan
milan is down with 10 men- . -
zero quality is this milan team .
only kaka understands us well cause he knows the meaning of " ac milan "
yes we can 
surly we are watching last match as manager
i have swift on my milan playlist oop
ricardo montolivo sent off for milan at chievo . still 0-0 - 3 minutes to go . 
how shit are milan lately , they'll be lucky to get top 10
poor , poor football once again by silvio , just fire allegri already
ac milan ... what's wrong with you ???
milan are so unlucky i swear ..
how much unfortunetelly moment again , keep attacking milan at its must be 3point !
the day we see mexes as milan's captain , we believe that , milan is cursed by the wizard of oz , no doubt .
after the poor form milan has had , i won't mind taking a draw from this game . still 0-0 with 5 minutes to go with added time
good job milan let's tie the last place team 👌👏👏👏👏
time is well and truly ticking , for max allegri . can't be long before he is gone now . 
montolivo is now sent off against chievo , i don't just know what to say about milan .
milan is playing with 10 players & it's not even noticeable lol
this is a last placed chievo . this is disgusting , but you know milan will score at the last minute and save allegri . 
what's happening to milan ...
on mental perspective , kaka was dying on madrid bench . now he's dying with milan as starter .
youth team lead ternana milan - a goal from piccinocchi has given the youth team a 1-0 at half-time against ternana .
milan players take sooo long to prepare a move that not even effective . no techniques at all
sunderland are doing an inter milan
unlucky milan
mandul parah pemain ac milan mandulll x_x
someone ,, please stop allegri from destroying milan
o mate ac milan stress me out to the max
i am wondering all the time >> when will galliani and ac milan's management kick allegri out of san siro ... what a game !
what a great defence chievo !
man city and ac milan are shaytan's clubs you know . pricks .
i wonder how much it would cost to get married in a cathedral in milan
milan really struggling .
on the bright side , i'm not an ac milan fan .
chievo decide to go all as . roma against us :)
i swear milan na win or draw .
how milan ain score hey is beyond me
again , robinho . bad luck , bad bad bad luck milan .
ac milan are shockingly bad this season ! 11th in the league and drawing with chievo !
robinho and matri are now my favorite milan players . brilliantly missing chances to help allegri get sacked !
just wasted 90 minutes of my life watching chievo vs ac merda
the only thing that could make montolivo look like a good/appropriate milan captain is mexes wearing it .
i hate the guy who plays in goal for chievo . he's made some excellent saves
the only understandable thing about milan buying matri was juve's willingness to sell .
fuck off city and ac milan
what are you doing milan .. you kept wasting chance
ac milan struggling to score a goal against bottom side chievo smh
le milan en cl >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> le milan en serie a ...
digress ac milan !! robinho could have won the game tonight !! kaka again tried his best !
this team is not that bad . 
milan need el shaarawy !!!
please score chievo . score like 5 goals in the last 5 minutes please .
what's wrong milan ?
watching this milan side plays is the best cure for insomnia . but might cause a severe paranoia in long term .
mexes sent off vs chievo . 0-0 . 
business idea : selling crack to milan fans .
what the hell is wrong with you milan ? bala banget
if u thought exams were stressful enough , try watching a milan game
come on milan . fucking lose
actually hope chievo score a later goal right now , i'd rather a loss now so we can fire that dumby allegri .
chievo try to spent the time
seriously don't think all the blame can be put on allegri for this sorry excuse of a milan team
milan's bryan cristante(-95 ) makes his serie a debut replacing kaka for the last 10 mins against chievo .
milan cant even beat one of the worst teams in seriea
has mexes actually been given the captains armband or am i just seeing things ? this team has completely gone to shits 
ac milan better score soon !!
these fucking cunts aint worthy to wear the milan shirts
husa agadir >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> le milan en serie a
red card for chievo player
chievo : 5 defenders 2 dmf -_i
milan are pilling on the pressure : |
' montolivo is rubbish ' ' matri should be playing for sassuolo ' ' save us , mexes with the captain's armband ' ' allegri on crack ' 
red card for chievo captain
pass me the vomit bucket . feeling sick watching this performance 
oh ! red card for a chievo player ! 
chievo have a man sent off too , 3 mins to go .
how can milan is still no scores when they have a lot of chance ?
too many complain from chievo , red card to number 31 and yellow card for chievo's coach
pellisier red card from chievo team in last minutes
chievo gets a red . this game .
90 ' red card for sergio pellessier . chievo 0-0 milan . 
milan , no matter how we try , no luck . roma , always been lucky ! that is the integral part of god hates allegri
milan sucks
now a red card for chievo !
conti again from a set piece to put cagliari back in front . milan into injury time
ac milan have been shitty ever since allegri took over smh
red card !!!!!!!!!! 
allegri needs to go , can even beat chievo , says it all
milan .. last 6 games , no win ... 
milan , the hell areyoudoin'?
now milan gets a pk and we win
keep calm and always support milan .. 
 and both playing with 10 men , 3 added minutes
this is becoming quite humiliating for milan fans . we were mad at first , but this is just sad . not able to beat the worst team in the league .
these chievo players want to fight now
this is the worst milan ive seen in my lifetime ... no luck , team doesnt mesh , no calls ... time to start over !
90 ' - 3 minutes additional times . chievo 0-0 milan . 
this milan reminds me the times we sold kaka because we were half ruined :(
milan oh milan x_x
this milan is the sadest in 20 years .
red for pellissier . chievo down to 10 men .
yeeeaaahhh red card to chievo ...
captain chievo dan acmilan 2yellow card haha
mister inzaghi's milan is doing so well .
la crisis del milan ta fuck up
at least one team is leapfrogging milan tonight if results stay as they are 
milan should give up and realize they need to buy a bag of players .
10 vs 10 . red card for chievo ...
madness at the bentegodi . pellisier sent off . injury time . milan still attacking . 0-0 .
86 ' aleandro rosi also sent off in the parma/milan game , this time for parma
pelliesier is sent off for chievo . chievo and milan both playing with 10-men for the final minutes .
c'mon milan , what are you doing , shoot and get 3 point tonight , hurry up
bar awaydays ko chievo italy . move on homedays london england ,,
there are very few things right , and very many things wrong , with this milan side right now . drastic changes needed .
its 10 on 10 now , come on milan everyone forward
allegri looks like he about to cry . this has to be the last straw . he cant be allowed to keep his job if milan dont win this game
if this milan team play my dept . we fit see draw .
suck banget , when your favourite team become lost and draw . milan and city :((((((
last 1min . oh milan score please
3 minute added ,, come on milan 
allegri is ready to explode and galliani about to freeze . a great atmosphere at milan
3 mins of stoppage -- - 
i used to get upset by milan's bad performances , but i don't anymore , now i'm just numb , everything has already been said by all
diego simeone for milan's manager !!!!!
pellissier is sent off for chievo . chievo and milan both playing with 10-men for the final minutes .
i love milan . too bad milan doesn't love me back
ac milan just tied chievo verona i think its time to throw the season ....
that guy ' constant ' that players for milan i fucking shite
why milan why ?
need ac milan to score got sunderland roma stoke and milan in a four fold
am starting to know what it feels like to be an arsenal fan . milan have just been awful this season i swear down
milan are complete shit .
what a boring game milan v chievo
what's happening to ac milan ?
it's inappropriate . but , i think i just feel luck to have milan draw with chievo . shame on me . milanisti forever .
chievo down to 10men ! looks like the chievo player was talking back to the reff & he wasnt avin it
that's probably the best 0-0 i've ever watched . still , milan were shite and allegri will be sacked , which is probably for the best . 
when i see this milan playing i miss having brocchi favalli antonini boriello and emerson as players
milan still haven't won a single away game this season haaaaha
chievo verona 0 v 0 ac milan . ac milan missed open goal and chievo had a goal disallowed . 1 red card each . ac milan coach now on ebay .
but like how ac milan .....
ft . . milan lucky to go with a point
1 point for milan :(
if draws this terrible side , it could be one of their worst results yet . 
not worth commenting on milan's performance as they never performed . 8 players with a 3 or less out of 10 . embarassing 
9 away games in a row now ac milan didnt win any of them
milan are just awful .
am sick and tired of watching ac milan play they always break my heart ... dis milan team aint a team to watch
who is win milan vs chievo 
milan hoping to draw their way to cl . the game ends 0-0 .
ac milan . give up .
ft chievo 0-0 milan milan in a very deep deep crisis .
a revolution at milan should take place sooner rather than later . hate the thought of galliani leaving , but something must be done
fulltime chievo 0 - 0 ac milan pecaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattttt !!!
still love milan
final score ...... milan drawwww .... arghhhh
nightmare season for ac milan continues . 0-0 draw
milan drew 0-0 will allegri get sacked
keep calm forza milan
ac milan are a pack of useless bastids can't even beat bottom of the league
full time !!!! chievo 0-0 milan !!!! keep !!!!
i refuse to acknowledge that this ' a match between chievo and milan . this is chievo against cagliari . 
ac milan couldn't finish if they were inside michelle keegan the shit cunts
ft : chievo 0-0 milan . i don't have anything else to say but allegri out .
fuck milan 😒😏
milan on the other hand , have been their own brick wall .
final : chievo and milan draw 0-0 . both teams finish with 10-men .
milan is so disappointing this year
i dont understand why milan cant score on teams who use 3-5-2
this chievo v ac milan game was boring shame
game over🙌 ac milan with the tie 0-0
can't wait until allegri's post match interview . are you shitting your pants yet ? 
milan woes increases with another draw
being an ac milan fan must be the hardest thing in the world ..
bar awaydays ko chievo italy , move on awaydays manchester england ..
milan deserved to win
haha . at least we don't lose . forza milan . non ti lasceremo mai !
full time chievo 1-1 milan ( red card )
fuck off milan
can't even get a win against chievo , its an embarrassment . need to spend some money in january for a change
ac milan are down the drain
lol , we fucking drew with last place chievo !! hahahahahaha we're so bad it's hilarious .
thank god i sacrificed the milan game for . all i keep seeing is a " wasteful " milan side ; enjoying this game though
robinho made sure milan will not win
allegri hand in your resignation and never show your face at milan ever again .
we can't even beat chievo ... this is just a nightmare !
cheers man city and ac milan😩😷😷
what's up milan ??
oh pazzini . oh el shaarawy . milan need you !
so milan drew with chievo .......... smh
cannot score a goal vs last place chievo 
milan now 3 wins in 12 games ... 5 defeats already 
ft chievo 0-0 ac milan | what a night , what a bad luck , and what a bad day !!
milan . wow lol .
ac milan cyaa score a rass goal outside champions league
chievo 0-0 milan ft . unbelievable stuff from milan . nothing can be said anymore .
goalless in chievo . is that it for allegri ? ever increasing gap at the top about to become bigger !
its actually embarrassing how bad milan are . max allegri has more lives than a cat . 
6 matches without win wow nice milan 0-0 vs chievo
ft : chievo 0-0 milan i have no words-m
what happen milan ? never win again ...
i'm a juventus fan and with all my hate towards milan i'm still kinda compassionate . :p
poor finishing , ya this is ac milan .
not even chievo wtf
milan didn't play badly so allegri should stay !
been watching milan on bt sport and there's two things ...
and the final result from today's serie a relegation clash . chievo 0 ac milan 0 .
what's up with milan not scoring goals ? it's getting old .
ft chievo vs milan 0 - 0 !! 
abeg when last did ac milan win a foot ball match ?
milan still stuck
this is the end , milan !!!!
milan can't even beat any team again ... smh
this rh ac milan side piss phuckin poor yc stupzzzz barely givin me ah headache :/
fire this fuckery . milan is better than this .
we drew to chievo ....
ft chievo - milan ( 0 - 0) , wtf !!! aaaaarrrrggghhhhh
if allegri don't get sacked today . i'll stop watching ac milan this season .
milan is just sad
why milan loaned petagna and buy matri ? sent away a player with potensial and changed with a player definitely has no potensial .
forza milan , anyway .
unlucky day .... unlucky night ..... unlucky match for milan 
so ac milan are the only team to let me down £380 fs there playing bottom of the league im actually fuming
smh . milan yyyyyyyyyyyyyy ???????
what milan has turned into .
ft : chievo 0-0 milan . one word to describe this game : disgraceful .
looks like ac milan is gonna need a new dt .
my prediction comes true . i don't know what's gonna happen to milan this season . a very hopeless performance .
we can't win chievo .. smh
we suck 
what an unlucky milan !
sack allegri . enough is enough , how can you fail to beat even chievo . this is a fucking sad .
today its not a milan day .. pppftttt ...
loving this new milan !!!!! 
ft : chievo 0 - 0 milan 
milan oh milan 
is this how far you've come milan , drawing against 20th placed chievo ..
ft : chievo 0-0 milan . ( keep calm and always fight ! ) 
milan 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
the end of allegri is nigh ? 
this is not milan i know
what the fuck ! they played like they didn't want to play ! tragis milan !
watching caesar milan in tv makes me want to get a dog .
milan drew again ? 😂
milan match is done ... ahlyyyyyyyy !!!!!
one win in 9 games for milan . going to the international break with people's futures up in the air .
skor kacamata :( , keep calm and always fight forza milan
forza milan !! 
fucking pathetic display from milan .
keep calm and forza milan !
ft : chievo 0-0 ac milan . this one is definitely on you mr. allegri .
milan should have won the game
that's a big draw for chievo ! how did ac milan not win that game ?! 
glad this game is over , one word to describe it 0-0 . even my stream died , just like milan ...
why can't milan play the way they do in ucl in serie a . we would every game😕
this isn't good day for milan
21-milan are currently 21 points away from roma . contenders
i cant believe it , milan couldnt win : |
ac milan couldn't break down a hard fighting chievo side away it ended 0-0
6 games without victory , yes we are talking about 
1pt for milan and the captain gets sent off . brutal season continues . this is embarrassing . 
ac milan are crap no urgency in them !
i managed to sign reus for milan , can i be manager ?
by far the worst milan since i started following 26 years ago . 
milan ..... dead man walking
ac milan kill my bet bastards 
milan collected 3 point of 18 in the away matches !! fucking brilliant
wanted : a win for ac milan .
keep calm ! forza milan .......
sad to see milan ' s rubbish football of late ... maybe things need to ve bad to become better ? all the best milan .
ac milan fans , where are you guys ooooooo ?
milan drew 0-0 with chievo . not looking for milan in the league .
milan at evens away to bottom of the league lol good price eh
ft : chievo verona 0 - 0 ac milan 
just unlucky ! forza milan !
i can't watch ac milan anymore it's paniful 
worst milan team in history
good job chievo ( y )
can't even win against chievo ...
ft : chievo 0-0 milan : two red cards , robinho hit the post and a point that helps nobody 
what needed milan now is trying new scheme in limited player to play . its gonna be good if it starting from coach . change him soon
milan fans put their coach on ebay ?? 😭😂😭😂😂
that's now 1 win in 9 games for ac milan in all competitions smh 
practically , milan's season is over .
can't believe this is happening to milan !
we can't even beat the shittiest team in serie a no disrespect to chievo .
this is the all time low i've experienced as a milan fan 
it's a draw . a draw between ac milan and the last team in the serie a
two words sum up milan's performance ; diabolically wasteful . when the rossoneri return from the int . break , i hope we don't see allegri .
milan draw 0-0 with last place chievo , surely there has to be change in the managerial position now ? allegri under performing .
well we did not lose but wanted us to win good game milan
why always milan//// :'( ...... hope we will get some good result after international break 
fuck sake bet fucked man city u bunch of cunts and ac milan drawing to bottom of league 
very dull milan ...
ac milan ... smh
wtf is wrong with milan
smh for milan .
more dropped points for milan ...
ac milan blows the dick .
keep calm & forza milan !
milan , you make me sick to my stomach
i feel sad for ac milan , to be honest .
and yet another epic fail by milan ...
you wanna hear a joke ?? ac milan 😄 
ft : chievo 0-0 milan . this is bad , like really bad .
 failed to get the golden opportunity
at this rate , ac milan's best friend will be history ...
can't swallow this one . ac milan can't beat chievo ? pfffff
ft : 0-0 milan fail to win against the bottom side in calcio . good work max you have always impressed me with how stupid you are .
only good thing coming from milan is that after the international break pazzini and el shaarawy are returning .
ac milan needs help to say the least .
today is ac milan day <3 forza milan
full time : chievo 0-0 milan : 
" it was a good draw " if we don't hear this exact phrase in allegri's presser , i'll be damned . 
as if it wasn't bad enough , we draw at bottom place chievo and now we have to fight for a place in the europa league
milan can't even beat bottom of the table unless
can't beat a team with only one win this season . then again , milan only have three wins of their own . -al
what milan really needs is a ' good cop/bad cop ' system . we already have a ' good cop ' but are now in a dire need of a ' bad cop '.
lol milan are terribly shite !
this reminds me of the inter milan and barcelona semi final in the champions league a few years ago 
ac milan are terrible
75% possession for milan . 23 shots on goal . only 3 on target .... 
ft : chievo 0-0 milan . keep calm and always fight . forzaaaa milannn .
i can't even vex for milan .. they burst my accums and i go straight back and put them in again ..
milan doing their best to get rid of all their fans one poor performance at a time . 
12 games played , 21 points behind league leader . 
full time : chievo 0 - 0 milan .. we need revolution 
ft : chievo 0 vs 0 ac milan , still can't get out from this bad performance .. keep 19hting 
 out .. please go away frm 
milan are god awful this season .
full-time : chieve 0-0 milan . one point for each and milan are still suffering . 
i truthfully cannot recall the last time milan won a game in serie a ... in september ? no clue .
milan need more lucky to save avoid relegation
red card for chievo
ft chievo 0-0 milan :( :( but good news for ricardo kaká's fan , he has been awarded motm with the rating 7.3 /10 :)
ac milan 25 shots , 3 on target .. not sure if ac milan or efata school for the blind .. sis man ! 
arrrgh not anoda draw ... diz milan side needs a total overhaul gush ... spits
there is no excuses for our poor game tonight .. 
milan draw with chievo now only 1 win in last 9 for them they are terrible just now so hopefully we can beat them at celtic park
good job chievo :)) 
what a day for milan ...
6 matches without victory !! yes we are talking about 
allegri is definitely gonna leave milan now . chievo 0 milan 0
full-time : ac chievo verona 0-0 ac milan 
90 minutes of precious sleep lost and now i have pain , too . 
well done allegri . away draw against the mighty chievo . excellent result .
what is wrong with milan tho .
milan are awful now
what's going on with ?
if only cristiano would donate some of his goals to milan ... if only this team was playing something more than just ... well , shit , mostly
poor display by milan
 ---- » ft : chievo 0-0 milan : two red cards , robinho hit the post and a point that helps nobody ..
milan clean sheet
ac milan is shit !
nvm nope not gonna happen we can only dream about getting an el spot let alone close to top 3 :) forza milan :(
so sad to see milan not doing so well :( 
only allegri could field only one " striker " versus chievo 
ac milan need to sort it out
chievo 0 vs 0 milan i wish get fired !
we can't even beat chievo like c'mon wtf is this shit . this isn't them milan that had 18 scudetti and 7 ucl titles wake up now-m
keep calm and always fight . forza milan !!!
well done allegri . away draw against the mighty chievo . excellent result .
allegri hand in your resignation and never show your face at milan ever again .
fulltime chievo vs milan 0-0 and absolutely allegri out !!!
needs to be serious changee at milan i'm afraid
full time ... chievo 0-0 milan . i think the donkey trying to fly again !!!
another draw , another 1 point milan . unlucky match . 
so , where is the ' skip this season ' button ? 
robinho had one , poli had two . chievo did have chances too . a wide open net , and a tight offside to disallow paloschi's goal .
milan have been extended that they are never won on their last 5 match in serie a ... and milan's last 5 games is like this : lmfao hahhaha
poor milan .. i guess allegri was right to play at chievo's level . hahahah .
poor performance by milan .
full time now at stadio marc'antonio bentegodi !! it ended the same way we started here . chievo verona 0-0 ac milan , it's all over now .
milan can't even beat the last placed team . this is a disgrace . 😡
minchia ... so when are we going to clean house ??! this is bullshit !! 😠😠😠😠😠😠😠 - 
cheers milan you bunch of absolute useless twats . can't even score against bottom team in league . hope the coach is sacked after that
milan is going to get relegated . and we deserve it , if we can't win against chievo verona . pathetic .
can't even beat chievo ..... wow
milan wow nothing more i can say about their performances this season ...
what a day for milan ....
good job ac milan ( y )
the unlucky and poor milan . 
allegri is done at milan .. he has nothing to prove anymore because he's done !!!!!!!!!
excuse me as i bang my head against the wall at that pathetic excuse of professional top league football 
ft : chievo 0-0 milan 
ft 0-0 .. this may be rock bottom rossoneri fans . 
unbelievable match . milan should've won by 4 or 5 goals . combination of shit forwards , shit midfields and of course load of shits coach
stueps boi milan ! i tired of saying that line
we had 75% possession . last season we only had 60% . we are improving . we didn't give many chances to chievo . we were sold at the back .
ac milan have ruined my day . awful team
 draw with chievo . what's going to happen to allegri ?
celtic may just fancy their chances if this milan team shows up in the east end for the next ucl game .
the players wanted to win , but we didn't manage it . second half better than first . we are lacking penetration & precision . forza milan
there are a lot of good strikers in the calcio , and milan decided to get matri 
well done milan . u piece of crap
this must be the worst group of players i have ever witnessed playing for . no spirit , no synergy , no will . change everything .
no comment ! milan need some " fresh air " maybe it's time to see milan under a new coach ! 
fuck this shit i'ma milan hater
ac milan fan on twitter : allegri hand in your resignation and never show your face at milan ever again . 
man of the match fans chievo : referee
going to the supermarket in milan to buy cold cuts , cheese , chocolates and wine . my life is a good one . 👍😋🇮🇹
somewhere in milan , there is a bullet with allegri's name on it :)
12 games gone in serie a and ac milan 21 points off the pace ..
robin ho me chan a milan messy
ah . chievo 0-0 ac milan . we need a victory ... and probably a new dt . =(
75% possession for milan . 23 shots on goal .
ft 0-0 another disappointing match . milan should improve everything . keep calm and 
allegri out , milan champion !!! 
milan have only picked up 1 point from the last 4 serie a matches . 
did i just wake up now seriously . right when the milan game ended ... at least i slept in 😏
what is wrong with milan ac !!!!!!!!! robinho missed the winnin shot !! still ... 😲❗⚽
watir milan mandul brow
don't even know what to say anymore i'm at a loss for words , this is what i expect now every game from milan 
milan swear she gone beat my ass 😑😂
why are the announcers talking as if milan are such a scary team to play ! 
i think kaka should be milan captain not montolivo .. 
milan draw 0-0 with bottom club chievo . just won 3 games in 12 games . 
in other news , poor ac milan
hard game to watch . feel sorry for everyone . couldn't score against chievo bottom of the table :( . what could get worst ?! 0-0
how allegri still has a job as coach baffles me
i miss fantasy football . extremely apparent after milan tied verona 0-0 
milan in a very deep deep deep deep deep crisis ............. omg
excellent ... ac milan draw . leg 1 of acca and trebles . arsenal win next . at madrid draw , then st etienne win against lyon .
whats wrong with ac milan nowadays .
milan definitely need a lift of spirit . need a new manager 
i hope keisuke honda doesn't watch milan games . he'd be ringing his agent right now
keep calm milan .. forza milan !!!
so after 23 goal attempts , milan couldn't convert 1 , very disappointing !
urby was my best milan player today tho
who's worse ? or ?
no wonder milan are struggling , 11th & just drawn 0-0 with bottom side chievo , they have a team of epl rejects , de jong , muntari & robinho
unbelieving .. milan wasted too many chances :( :(
when was the last time ac milan won ?
ft : chievo 0-0 ac milan , well 4-4-1-1 it's not working . we need pazzini & el-sharaawy !
this is honestly too fucking funny . i don't even feel bad when milan drop points anymore . can't take this club seriously right now .
chievo 0-0 milan at half-time milan - milan are goalless at chievo after the first 45 minutes .
what's wrong with you milan ???
i don't know what's the hell is going on milan . but this time , allegri should be fired 
and the season is over 
needs to be serious changes at milan i'm afraid
insipid milan held by rock-bottom chievo verona 
sigh . milan draws again .
only four points away from relegation . if allegri stays at milan we'll playing in serie b in no time ! 
lawan chievo 0-0 ? chievo tim juru kunci :) keepcalmandalwaysforzamilan
players need to realize their playing for milan not some crappy serie b team wake up !!!
milan go to hill :(
the problem is not but is the problem of the and some players who deserve not wear this wounded again
this is not milan i used to know .. damn !
where is the old milan
 is " if you cant support them when they lose , dont support them when they win " -ayo semangat mu , milan ({})
no hope with allegri still at milan . no europe next season ? 
ac milan drew with the team with less point than all seriea teams . .
1 point ? what's wrong with milan ? or what's wrong with allegri ?
win , lose or draw ac milan " till i die " ..
4 5 1 against chievo verona fuck you allegri and good bye it´s over
stress filled times to be a milan fan , stress free times to be a roma fan !
ac milan should sack galliani and allegri today ...!!!!
no wins . no champ's league . no europa league . no extra cash . no transfer budget . welcome to the end of an era . 
 and support ac milan
kalah menang pantang diam , alealealemilanaleforzalottavincerainontilasceremomai <=- p 
ever since i decided to be a milanisti , this is the worst era of my beloved team , ever . forza milan , non mollare mai !!
yep this is the now so why ? are you upset with milan now ..
milan please why are we so bad this year
nike ta mere milan tu ma niker le cote match fdp
milan ended up with a draw too
maybe milan needs a new coach ?
this is not the milan i fell in love with .
keep calm n forza milan ..
what's wrong my milan ? merda galliani !!! kick him head !!!
can't believe this , milan players just need to think and more motivated . its milan jersey bro ! you shouldn't lose if you wears milan jersey
worst milan team i've ever witnessed . utterly disgraceful !
fuck ac milan
so milan have one point from the last 4 seria a games . it's well and truly bye bye to the champions league . wankers
ac milan fucking with my money again !! think i need a new hobby gambling is a mugs game☹
milan need to be changed , immediately !
milan are pathetic , absolute disgrace 
milan have only picked up 2 points from the last 4 serie a matches . 
i never thought i'd see the day when after nearly 15 games , ac milan are 4 points away from the relegation zone
is not so wise . you can't blame the team like that . the most important thing is to build the harmony . milan is in process .
in other news schellotto went from inter milan to sassuolo's bench
ft : chievo 0-0 milan . too many half-chances for milan , but that robinho attempt was unfortunate to hit post . so close !
me and my father laughing milan now
where can i get a burger in milan
milan can be depressing
slept through the milan game 😥
hate milan this year , really sucks !!!
kaká vs chievo : dribbles : 5 key passes : 3 was fouled : 3 passes : 43 pass accuracy : 91% touches : 73 shots : 2 
milan is full of shit .
3 points is the cap btwen us and the last pos . 
i'm so pissed galliani & allegri have ruined milan ! they should burn in hell ..
allegri needs out . this is ridiculous . he is embarrassing milan .
eureka !!! roma is draw .. and tonight will be juventus napolu ... milan ??? dont talk about that
now sassuolo is just 3 point behind ! the competition is uncanny there :)))
i know , we're always been ini a hard situation , but keep believing we're gonna out from this situation , together . forza milan !
milan needs a new coach but galliani too busy w/ expensive prostitutes to notice .
unbelievable day for the bookies . city lose , spurs lose , roma concede in the 90th min , psv lose , milan draw , espanyol get wacked . wow .
bad week for milan n city ..
i dont think " shit " is the most suitable word to express . but i still believe firing allegri is the most un-shit things will be . forza milan
bad season for milan ! 
 take note milan sunderland with a new manager 3 home wins on the bounce we need a change
milan have only picked up 1 point from the last 4 serie a matches . 
allegri gonna finish the season as milan coach .
ac milan you fucking crabs fuck off ! on a positive this weekend just gets better and better for liverpool
mr. allegri , it's very hard to watch ac milan match recently . if u can't handle it , there's so much great manager out there better than u .
pray for ac milan
lagi " wasit " keep calm and always fight " forza milan 
every week now milan breakin breakin ma heart
and its done chievo 0-0 milan what a nice attempt by paloschi but refree say offside
man city and ac milan are shit
 10th with 13points
ft : chievo vs milan 0 - 0 ... hi you sucker !! shut up your mouth ! if you do not know a fact , silence will be the best way .. 
hahaha suddenly everybody care about milan , how cute , thank you btw , appreciate it ;)
ac milan 0-0 and roma also equalizes ! 1-1 ! good good gooooood
i feel like a milan fan must feel right now 😩😩😩
milan played a goalless draw at chievo 
milan fell off !
business has only two functions - marketing and innovation . - milan kundera
everyone busy about united vs chelsea . i'm here sick of milan performance .
this must be the worst group of players i have ever witnessed playing for . no spirit , no synergy , no will . change everything .
thank god no more milan for two weeks . it'll take that long to bleach my eyeballs
lol man . city ........... lol ac milan ........... lol chelsea
another bad result .. no luck ? nope , this side of milan isn't good enough 
we're passing from really bad moment , but we will never give up , we will be back , we are ac milan !! 
a win yesterday for us , milan's dismal form continues , roma drop points and napoli or juve due to drop points tonight ! good weekend . forza
milan is currently closer to the relegation zone than they are to the ucl . lol
good job milan , good job :') .
1:1 but ac milan always in my heart ! 
wtf is going on with ac milan we are playing like the fucking blind
mehhhh back in the uk .... annoying to think ... 2hrs ago i was in milan ... and now i'm in manchester hahaha .
disappointed . why milan ? why ?
roma seri . god says , its enough . milan fix dirombak .
milan can't even get all three point against last on the table ! smh bad bad bad coach
