barcelona vs . granada fc . here we go !
and they step unto the pitch 
kick off at camp nou ! barcelona vs granada
 ♥
i wish i could watch the barcelona game :((((
good luck to fcbarcelona
go go barcelona .
when its time for football every other thing waits 
barcelona about to play
fc barcelona vs granada is now underway ! 
barcelona has a lot of their good players out
up & early to watch barcelona kill !
kick off barcelona vs granada
what a hell of footy day though , merseyside derby , barcelona and dortmund against bayern ! hell yeah !
kick off at camp nou ! barcelona vs granada "
good luck barcelona .
barcelona kick off ! 
barcelona - 1.5 . parlay barcelona with everything .
barcelona gamee . lets go barca
let's goo !!!
what the fuck though , have these announcers ever watched barcelona play 
live-barcelona vs granada without messi and valdes
i love you barcelona
 ❤️
good luck for ♥♥♥♥
" more bodies falling for barcelona than in the movie the godfather " lol ray hudson .
after so long barcelona kick off at this timing !!
goodluck barcelona💞💞
neymar starting down the middle for barcelona today goodluck💙
pinto in goal , iniesta with the armband ... oluwa is involved , leggo !
its fcbarcelona vs granada @ camp nou
arsenal vs southampton in 15 minutes . should be decent . bvb vs fcb later on as well .
kick off ! 4pm the british football hour . 
 barcelona vs granada . first chance from alexis
it's time to watch barcelona
let's go barcelona !!
watching barcelona's game
finally beat bro in fifa 14 , using real madrid to beat barcelona ....
forca barcelona ! forcaaaaaaaaaaa
barcelona's about to play 😁😁
barcelona for the win . 
kick off fcbarcelona vs granada . enjoy the game !
kick off at camp nou ! barcelona vs granada "
alexis looking imperious early on . shuns two challengers and fires goalward . hopefully he's amazing again today 
barcelona barcelona barcelona barcelona barcelona barcelona
barcelona game today 12-0
watching barcelona 😬
barcelona vs granada starts . let's hope now that they will ... :p 
the football kings now playing . barcelona :)
all these people asking how will cope without are clowns . with all the other players they have why won't they cope ?
no messi , alves or valdes today . let's see how barcelona will fair .
finally get to watch barcelona again ! missed watching them play !
 barcelona vs granada cf
announcers complaining about how " haunted " and awful barcelona are , as they get their first shot on goal . 
this is a barcelona and real madrid match wolmers a barcelona : 3
hahahah , and this is typical barcelona attack ! jhahahhaah
oh my love barcelona 😍
captain today : andres iniesta 
god bless fc barcelona .
ter stegen would be great for barcelona - lehmann
barcelona vs granada is underway !
good luck fcbarcelona ❤️💙
i want gonna to barcelona🇪🇸 one love
friendly at 10:30 am , merseyside derby at 12:45 pm , barcelona vs granada 3pm , dortmund vs bayern 5:30 pm , suso's almeria vs madrid 7pm 
now let's watching fcb vs granada . visca el barca !
barcelona game start boy
real madrid . barcelona . you answer freinds
barcelona is full of shit !
barcelona game and getting this presentation done
watching barcelona vs granada .. barcelona you must win ..
damn i love barcelona . my fucking dawgs
come on barcelona
game underway returns let's continue catalan 
i think we should have south africa vs barcelona ! 
barcelona now !
tiki taka on for barcelona andres iniesta scored but was in an offside position
transfer rumour said aguero move to barcelona for 60 milion
free kick given to barcelona
plz barcelona ! do not take it lightly !!
 time good luck
dad gonna watch arsenal's match instead of barcelona's .. 😡😡
and now barcelona vs granada
barcelona on point !!!!
watching the barcelona game ! woohoo my boys better make me proud !
free kick for barcelona . 
free kick for barcelona
3-3 , fantastic football ! time for barcelona bitchhh !!!!
first freekick from barcelona
during the first half of the game manager gleen receives a phone call from barcelona fc asking him to be their manager but he declined
fcb - gra fighthing !
southampton can be the barcelona of the prem but were the madrid of the prem
barcelona is playing beautiful , intricate , risky , sharp , crisp , one touch , wall playing tiki taka fútbol . mesmerizing
its show time 
 butut !
i'm sure rosell was pleased to see messi show off the golden boot with a nice blue addidas sweater . madrid media in 2 hours ; fcb messi fued
this is footbal fcb
when barcelona plays ?? kind of not concerned at all .
who can take my 10k bet on arsenal and barcelona both to win
fcb injured : afellay ( thigh) , alba ( thigh) , dos santos ( knee) , messi ( thigh) , xavi ( thigh) , alves ( calf) , tello ( knee) , valdes ( calf )
barcelona has xavi and messi out and are still going to kill granada . #3 -0
barcelona looking good so far
first time watching and at the same time . 
barcelona have won their 19 previous liga home games against granada . 
barcelona forward lionel messi admits that he is " honoured " each and every time a different club is linked with a bid for his services .
kick off first half : fc barcelona vs granada
barcelona have started the game with 7 former academy players 
arsenal fans wake up at 7am to watch them play , why can't barcelona fans ?
waking up and watching the barcelona game ... niceeee !!! 
barcelona will always be barcelona under any condition when we have tata
damn already barcelona almost had a goal but the ref called foul
none of the sports channel broadcasting barcelona match !! one of those days im going bed angry and pissed ! -_- dhotis !! -_-
watching the arsenal and barcelona game 👌👌
barcelona vs granada in camp nou stadium . live now at star sports channel .
soccer - start - grn at bar is underway at estadio camp nou . ( espn ) barcelona
barcelona forward lionel messi admits that he is " honoured " each and every time a different club is linked with a bid for his services .
fcb livee !! neymar you're so amazing ! : 3 proud
" that suicidally high back line that barcelona has " hahahahahhah no its not funny
i love when i find katycats from barcelona jdhyfgtdhjfu
not watching barcelona because i don't want to go to my mom's room to watch it .
good luck barcelona 💙💙
draw , match :/ ... now 
watching a stream of the barcelona match and ray hudson is doing the commentary .
barcelona have started the game with 7 former academy players 
barcelona looking very dangerous .
 playing against granada without messi n valdes
piques passing for barcelona is fundamental , always picks out the perfect pass to penetrate line and jump into attack . 95# pass accuracy
come on barcelona
it's time to watch 
come on barcelona !!! you can certainly
now let's see how barcelona looks like missing messi , xavi and valdes 
fcb vs gra , let's the game begin
liverpool > standupcomedy > barcelona
love watching barcelona play !!
loving the fifa14 advert featuring alex song !!.... on the barcelona bench . heh .
cmon barcelona . beat the shit out of granada
good luck barcelona
barcelona vs granda kicks-off .
omfg if only barcelona signs sergio aguero for 60mill 😱
hull , newcastle , april , hartlepool , oxford , southend , celtic , dundee united , dunfermline , barcelona 🙏
barcelona going in for courtois is a huge possibility with cech in such top form , ill start to mindmap anoth
too busy watching barcelona !
 vs granada . this should be a good one .
kids of this house are forcing me to watch barcelona , who watches barca mme ?
barcelona all over granada early . in other news , sky is blue , water is wet . etc . etc .
barcelona have started the game with 7 former academy players 
quiero believe movie en barcelona si o si . 
good luck barcelona💪❤️💙
barcelona play now ... and arsenal now plays .. let's go to die ! o_o
welcome barcelona 💘
go go barcelona , go go go alexis 
you can clearly see the difference in quality between barcelona & granada in first 5 minutes itself ! 
fcb will win tonight(y )
bout to show the world we are barcelona nt messilona ...
barcelona has been hammering granada's goal for all 7 minutes of this game . yet the commentators are like " wow they suck lololol " 
facings of v in all seasons 38matchs barca won30 drew4 granada won4 goals 98-37 side barca 
go barcelona , go go go !
i hate those teams : barcelona , chelsea , man . united , man city , and hotspur . enough .
barcelona cules train ...... follow back
at camp nou facings of v in all seasons 19matchs barca won19 !! goals 70-17 side barca 
barcelona have started the game with 7 former academy players 
sometimes i wonder if messi plays defence nuh ... becuz everytime he nuh play , barcelona go on like a pipe buss behind dey
let's go barcelona let's go ! 👏👏
looking like its barcelona for news years 🙊
gooo go goo fcb :d
kick off first half , fc barcelona vs granada cf barça ;)
hope barcelona wins today , missing the game 😑
£20 to £1000 challenge bet 1 ! barcelona v granada barcelona time of first goal before 50 !! £20 returns £30 !!
barca are doing well so far but they need to close down the spaces 
kick of barcelona vs granada .
 barcelona vs granada .... currently on
i hate these teams : barcelona , chelsea , man . united , man city , and hotspur . enough .
up this early watching the barcelona game
now watching barcelona vs granada
on the worst corner i've ever seen by granada , commentators : " wow that was the best i've ever seen wow barcelona is really hurting " 
pinto from barcelona looks like riff raff
game on ! come on fcbarcelona !
barcelona forward lionel messi admits that he is " honoured " each and every time a different club is linked with a bid for his services .
thou shall not disrespect wanyama . ask barcelona .
oh barcelona playing
is messi really leaving barcelona
fc barcelona is doin beautiful work on granada . they cant even touch the ball
should i watch or games 
hey barcelona , you will be win okay~ yeah \m/
barcelona ! yeay !
working but still listening to the game on the radio 📡 força barcelona !!!
good luck barcelona
watching this barcelona game cuz sportsmax on shit : |
arsenal and barcelona playing right now👍
barcelona v granada is live on ss5 ch 225 . newcastle v norwich is on ss7 ch 227 . s/leone v b/faso wafu cup on ch 233 . choose one . or all
messi is the best and he deserves the award every year , hope he recovers very soon , well granada are great team , nervousness 
welcome back barcelona . 
i woke up this early to watch the barcelona game ?
watching barcelona game
10 minutes into the fcb game n dad already snoring love quality time !!!
star sports 2 is not working !!! dammit ! 
eyyy lemme relax myself eh . my team on 
back then i tot arsenal have more supporters . .. than f.c barcelona of spain . .. so i waz wrong
i remember when i went to my first barcelona game . best day of my life
go .. go .. go barcelona☀
real madrid vϩ barcelona
barcelona star lionel messi has revealed his admiration for arsenal star mesut ozil , bayern arjen robben and robin van persie of man united .
best of luck fcbarcelona
right , folks , first step of ben's super accumulator ( 3pm starts ): celtic and barcelona . * fingers crossed *
kinda weird watching barcelona play w/out messi
barcelona vs granada cf ... now live at 813 astro ...
fcb nowwww the matchhhh yla bdna gooool
who won the fc barcelona game yesterday
barcelona are not playing the same anymore . where's the tiki taka ?
go barcelona
watching the barcelona vs granada 
watching barcelona's passing always hypnotizes me in a way only something so fucking beautiful can .
barcelonafc vs gfc and it's barcelona who will win today . still unbeaten in the league
was watching the barcelona game while waiting for the arsenal match , but i can't take ray hudson's terrible commentating anymore . 🙉
 barcelona vs granada !!
11mins into this barcelona game and i'm bored already .....
 watching barcelona
barcelona mek me start love football ! back den wen dinho was on top
fc barcelona vs granada 
watching this barcelona game cause sportsmax on shit .: (
i'm in barcelona hahahahaha and everyone is wearing winter jackets .... uhm hello it's 18 degrees
first half : fcbarcelona vs granada messi
woww jorge lorenzo whatch barcelona match in nou camp :d !
come on barcelona you can do it !! yeaaah :d
barcelona playing now ;) let's go barca !!!!
shit . need to keep changing channels cause both arsenal and barcelona playing . ahhhhh
fcbarcelona has to cope with these injury crisis
barcelona without messi , no problem
will be watching the arsenal game , will catch up with the barcelona game later .
come on barcelona ..
barcelona early in the morning 💯
barcelona match is aired on the hd channel ? star sports is annoying me .
barcelona and real madrid are paid £140million in tv rights and yet they play at the same time with epl teams . that's ridiculous
i want the barcelona socks .
i just cannot watch soccer no matter how i try . 
now , lionel messi is absent in match versus granada . but , neymar performance now is amazing . he is the next lionel messi for barcelona .
yes i'm a woman and i love the football . watching the best team and also support my fanmily the wanted
you don't miss your water till your wale go dry ,,,, guys are truly passionate about hitting that ballâ€¦ 
good luck barcelona .
i bet for a draw vs granada because no messi
watching barcelona vs granada
 with problems & w/o the four players who formed their defensive line last season . not a good sign , but i hope they'll beat !
matchday ! come on lads , let's win today ! 
watching the barcelona game :)
if there's something going on between luiz and mourinho , the former is probably off to barcelona if they come for him .
barcelona should lose ...
if u want 2 watch barcelona of south africa ... watch orlando pirates ...
barcelona dong yeah ...
i really hate when barcelona have easy chances to score and they don't .. it adds lots of pressure on the players
good luck fcb ❤️
barcelona without messi
barcelona needs messi back ...
good luck barca ♥ #برشلونة
no cries tears of bllood ilyyyy
if you barcelonanista must watch at rcti barcelona vs granada 
there's no day i watch barcelona match and i don't feel like sleeping
pinto is playing his first game of the season before today , he played 64 barcelona games , conceded 51 goals
it's fascinating to watch granada struggling against a stronger side of barcelona to make a break through
- let's see if barcelona can win without messi . ⚽️
barcelona play so beautiful
10 niggas on my team are injured damn smh smh 
" this is the best we've ever seen barcelona !" okay confirmed , this is these announcers ' first time watching this team 
what's everyones obsession with arsenal now ? if they get trashed later all the new " arsenal fans " will be crawling back to barcelona
good luck barcelona .
yeh , barcelona
geez barcelona has 8 players out with different injuries 😳
my son volkan traveling to spain today , first , barcelona three days and off to madrid for real madrid vs galatasaray match ...
la liga : barcelona vs granada ►3908 h 7120(mpeg4/hd/$) ►sid : 0001 biss key~ > 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11
awww , i'm going to miss the barcelona game
so they are saying messi is leaving barcelona in the summer
 with problems & w/o the four players who formed their defensive line last season . not a good sign , but i hope they beat ! 
barcelona day .
fcb we are who we are 
conflict pirates , arsenal , barcelona playing at the same time 
 fcb-gra
watching two games 
enjoy the game -granada
the only soccer teams i'll watch on t.v is barcelona and real madrid fuck all the other teams .
ahh barcelona playing so well . bartra is a up and coming star .
 fc barcelona vs . granada
oh well now its time for 
shout for arsenal or southampton ? barcelona it is .
fcbarcelona⚽️ & miami hurricanes🙌 play today👌
time to barcelona !!!
football will always be good lessons for team who playing against barcelona !
penalty ! ! for barcelona
penalty for barcelona dubious i say
penalty for barcelona !
penalty for barcelona 👍
barcelona get penalty !
i have to make do with text commentary !! :'( 
lmaoo ... ref calls a penalty for barcelona
i'm not sure about my feelings for the sportscenter app yet . i seriously dot care about any other scores but barcelona's .
penalty for barcelona
penalty for barcelona
valdez is leaving barcelona ?
penalty to barcelona , cesc fabregas brought down in the box
penalty to 
fcb-gra
penalty for barcelona !
penalty kick for fc barcelona .
penalty for barcelona
penalty for barcelona
straffe barcelona . 
penalty for barcelona
penalty for 🔵
cheap cheap penalty for barcelona mxm referee
penalty for fcb !!!!!!
penalty for barcelona
penalty for barcelona !!
besides a header , barcelona have not create anything too dangerous yet 
i guess penalty for barcelona for a foul on fabregas 
why do spanish fans not travel to away games ? accrington have a better away support than barcelona and madrid
penalty for barcelona !
 to 
if there's something going on between luiz and mourinho , the former is probably off to barcelona if they come for him .
barcelona v granada just because you are in white granada i'm on your side 
penalty given ! 
 0-0 18 ' penalty for barcelona & a yellow card for diakhaté . fabrègas tumbled inside the area .
penalty barcelona . what a joke .
early morning barcelona game
cheap penalty for fcb
min 19 : penalty for fc barcelona !
penalty awarded for barcelona . 
that is not a penalty 12th man of fcb
min 19 : penalty for fc barcelona !
19 penalty for barcelona as cesc is brought down
penalty for fc barcelona !
fcb yeahh
saturday night :d - fc barcelona vs granada
goal ! iniesta ! from the penalty spot ( fcb 1-0 granada )
only 5 minutes we watch barcelona ..
goal for barcelona
injusto .. 
1-0 barcelona , iniesta with the goal .
captain iniesta scores 1-0 
penalty to barcelona
have u ever seen iniesta missing a penalty ?? barcelona 1-0 granada
goooooll barcelona iniesta good job
watching the barcelona game (:
if you eat a packet of doritos with the car heater on and squinted eyes , you could almost be in barcelona .
and iniesta scores for barcelona , 1-0
¡¡gusiluuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuz !! fcb 1-0 gra
barcelona vs granada , watch with family 
ray hudson's description of barcelona and how they play is so accurate 👌
goal barcelona 1-0 penalty fucking shit
penaaaaaaaaaaaaaaal a favor del barcelona
goal for barcelona ....
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaal iniesta . barcelona 1 granada 0 . 
yeay goal !!! 1-0 barcelona
goaallll iniesta fcb 1-0 gra . 
yeah ! gol barcelona !
gooool cmon the wanted
penalty for barcelona ... iniesta shoots ... and goal ! barcelona 1-0 granada m . y . 10
better me gwaan watch match
goal - iniesta scores the penalty . at 18 ', fcb 1-0 gra
. penalty for barcelona . ! :d . goall !! iniesta .
arsenal vs southampton , fc barcelona vs granada , borussia dortmund vs bayern munich , what should i do .?
sometimes i feel like going barcelona see every time i hear this tune i just start drifting away
goool 3rd captain , andres iniesta 1-0 gra
1-0 to barca , andresito converts a penalty superbly . nerves of steel that man . 
well , that's why : iniesta scores the penalty , fc barcelona 1 - granada 0 
goool putitoos lml barcelona
goaaal , andreas iniesta scores via penalty , barcelona takes an early 1-0 lead over granada
nice penalty shot , first goal for barcelona 🙌
barcelona 1-0 granada , andres iniesta converts side-footed to the right of the goal
iniesta scores from the spot after cesc was brought down . barcelona 1-0 granada .
the don !! :) 1-0 
our new captain ! iniesta 1-0 
in 3 years mourinho will be gone and luiz will be anchoring defense . how will fans feel then ?
iniesta !!!! perfect , textbook pk . 1-0 barcelona ! 
barcelona lead 1-0
barcelona don't need messi
barcelona are immense , but they're soooo clicky it cringes me out . they suck each other off . except messi , he deserves to be
not pretty , but it's a start 
goal for barcelona (: 1-0
goal don andres !!! 1-0 
iniesta scores his 1st goal of the season with barcelona 
wee !! barcelona goll !!
so this referee has given barcelona the 1st goal ... all is well !
goaaaaaaaaal . iniestaaaaaa 20 ' 1-0 
goaaaaal iniesta ! so glad to have barcelona soccer back !
gol pinalty iniesta 1 barcelona
barcelona games are always predicted .
barcelona is playing loco
live video streaming ( y ) 
goaall !! iniesta scores from the penalty spot😁 fc barcelona 1-0 grananda cf
i swear iniesta's smoothness and calmness on the pitch is unmatched 
min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0
fcbarcelona goallll
fcb 1 - 0 granada goal from a . iniesta in penalty area on 20 '
wait , is barcelona game going on right now ? :o
gooaall ! iniesta scores from the spot .. 18 ' barcelona 1 - 0 granada -sq .
andres gives the lead from the spot after 19 mins played . 
goallllll yeah from andrés iniesta !!! 20 ' fcb 1-0 granada
barcelona takes lead ... iniesta from penalty spot .
goall !!! 1-0 for barcelona ( andreas iniesta )
 to barcelona ! decent penalty from iniesta ! 1-0
great tuck into the corner by iniesta . 1-0 barcelona
goalll , barcelona 1-0 ..
goal iniesta ! let's go !
who in the back line for barcelona
keep it up fcb
barcelona take the lead !
goooooooal !! captain andres iniesta scores from the penalty spot !! barcelona 1-0 granada
min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0
 at camp nou tonight !
this was a very strange penalty for barcelona ! i think it was a wrong decision from the referee !
i bet half the people tweeting about the barcelona game aren't watching it . they're just waiting to tweet what everybody else is tweeting .
andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season . ( 1-0 barcelona) . 
what a penalty from !!
iniesta kicks it off strong 
min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0 "
1-0 goal !!!!!!! iniesta !!!!!!!!!!!! :))) ( penalty )
iniestaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa gol gol gol 
fc barcelona wins :d the wanted
beautiful penalty shot 
andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season 
i still think barcelona need one more top quality attacker . someone like sergio agüero .
barcelona are always getting penalties ... smh
and my teams barcelona & arsenal playing 
another doubtful penalty for barcelona .... lol
goooaaaalllllll !!! penalty . iniesta took the penalty ! 
anyone watching barcelona ? just heard the iniesta penalty described as : ' a decision that can't be taken back '. what ?
min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0 "
goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0
andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season . ( 1-0 barcelona) . 
goal barcelona !!! iniesta converts from the spot .
iniesta puts barcelona ahead from the spot ! 1-0
andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season . ( 1-0 barcelona) . 
iniesta scores his 1st liga goal of the season 
gosh ! what a doubtful penalty for barcelona ! why favouritism for barça all games ?
lmfao i told my friend that barcelona will get a penalty tonight because they would need help , i was right !!!! :d
andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season 
samantha is in barcelona ... she definitely surpasses anyone i know in adventures .. i remember when i met her drunk self in mexico city .
andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season 
min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0
goal for barcelona . 1-0
" min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0 " 
andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season 
min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0
f*ck barcelona ..
1-0 goal from the penalty spot . and really good team play from all the barça players .
good iniesta :d : * yeah ! 
barcelona 1-0 granada 
iniesta scores for barcelona , 1-0 .
barcelona don strt oooo ..... dr second name should b penalty fc .... mtchew !!!!
min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0
fact : barcelona are now at 2499 goals in la liga at camp nou ! we'll all celebrate the next goal !
 : live 23 ' barcelona 1 - 0 granada
please barcelona feed me more
goolll gooll iniesta . barcelona 1-0 granada
i had a dream to attend a match of barcelona at camp nou . 😍 😍
barcelona is leading . 1-0 as iniesta scored .
goal - iniesta scores the penalty . at 18 ', fcb 1-0 gra
andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season . barcelona 1-0 granada after 22 mins via penalty . 
fabregas is in the guest list for 1dday but now he's playing with barcelona i dont understand
barcelona goallll
 : andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season . barcelona 1-0 granada
min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0
barcelona already goin ' lls
oh . barcelona are playing ? “ best league in the world” .
if adriano gets a yellow card he'll miss the next match against atletico bilbao 
think this may be a bloodbath . 
these spanish refs acting like it's christmas giving barcelona penalties as gifts .
penalty won by barcelona ! ole !
fcb go dy struggle win nw
min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0 ( no messi in the game ) 
barcelona are now at 2499 goals in la liga at camp nou !. just 1 away from 2500 . can't wait !
just checked in to hotel barcelona center after hunting some special catalan candles . so now we will survive the swedish darkness .
so iniesta scored a penalty , barcelona are leading 1-0 so far
gooooolllll .. andres iniesta fc . barcelona 1 v 0 granada andres iniesta'20 ( pen ) 4
goall !! 1-0 for barcelona ( andres iniesta )
barcelona is winning ! 🙌👌
andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season . ( 1-0 barcelona) . 
and look barcelona made a goal and i can't even see 😑
penalty to barcelona ! fabregas brought down in the box 19 '
fcb 1-0 gra in jsc sports +8
oncme i was in barcelona with barca jersey .. a note fell on ground , i bow to pick , refree gave penalty .
if only real madrid's luck was like barcelona's ...!
go go go barcelona !!!! 🎉🎉🎉
barcelona is the force
lucky 
penalty to barcelona what's new
: * : * : * : min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0
jali scored for and iniesta did the same for 
iniesta scores barcelona's 100th liga goal vs granada . 20th team against which barcelona have scored 100+ league goals .
goal ! barcelona 1-0 granada - iniesta slots home the penalty
while at barcelona , zlatan ibrahimovic was snapped hugging teammate pique and was asked by a female reporter if he was gay . 
gooooooaaaaal !!! iniesta finds the back of the net ! 
one goal ahead ..... fcb
iniesta scores barcelona's 100th liga goal v granada . 20th team against which barcelona have scored 100+ league goals .
what a save from pinto 
20 ' gooooal ! it's 1-0 to barcelona , as iniesta slots the ball confidently past the central roberto !
the high pressure from southampton is incredible . like barcelona .
andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season . ( 1-0 barcelona) . 
barcelona barghest over la be bright is plumb master spirit my humble self transmission approach highest degree ...
barcelona days
iniesta has scored his first goal with fc barcelona this season ! 
goalsoooo iniesta ! whattay ! barcelona 1-0 granada . 
yep thats right iniesta up for one barcelona
watching barcelona match
barcelona lead . iniesta love hai . 22 minutes gone .
iniesta scores fc barcelona's 100th league goal vs . granada . :d
for bayern's part they'll have to do without who got an aching rib . no jokes , please . 
goooooaaaalll ! right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! 1 - granada 0
free kick barcelona = short pass always -_-
barcelona are now at 2499 goals in liga in camp nou .
lol neymar is gonna make the whole granada squad get yellows 
the goals we are scoring ......... wow ........ sumtyms i forget its not barcelona .. 
well , none's better than you watch your favorite team's match on saturday night ! good luck barcelona ! ;)
barcelona

beautiful footballing skills by !
iniesta scored his 59th goal in his career at senior level ( barcelona 48 , spain 11 ) his 1st from the penalty spot .
barcelona players : messi is injured what should we do ? we fucking dive ! fucking cunts
iniesta scores barcelona's 100th liga goal v granada . 20th team against which barcelona have scored 100+ league goals .
the fact that alex morgan goes for barcelona* . *
still barcelona 1-0 granada ( iniesta pen . ) stats - barcelona has neva lost to granada in 20 meetings .
good luck fc . barcelona ..
stoke really must be shit cos they are making us look like barcelona 
barcelona is showing that they can win with or without messi
fc . barcelona day !!! good luck !
yess penalty goal from !! 
after 26 mins it is fcb 1-0 gra , iniesta is pulling all the strings as you would expect
& just like that to the world
iniesta scored his 59th goal in his career at senior level ( barcelona 48 , spain 11) . he took the first penalty of his career . what a stat !
nepa has done their worst , abeg what's going on in barcelona ?
penalty in the 20th minute by iniesta . fcb 1-0 granada
the way barcelona passes the ball is truly artistic .
27 ' . yellow card for neymar ( fcb ) 
fuuuuck , this commentator is jizzing over barcelona's passing . i agree it's impressive , but it always is ... 
yoo i swear barcelona matches are soo boring
20 ' goal ! barcelona 1 , granada cf 0 . andrés iniesta ( barcelona ) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner .
please play barcelona match on ten action or ten sports . don`t on ten hd .
iniesta has scored his first penalty goal ever as a professional player 
a barcelona without messi ! hmmmmm can't wait to see the outcome during his absence
( 27')yellow card for neymar ( fcb ) 
is barcelona out of the question ?
arsenal are just barcelona wannabeez ..
wonder how many fouls like the one neymar just got booked for that granada will get away with today 
mwahahah ! " fcbarcelona : min 26 : yellow card for el arabi for a nasty tackle on neymar "
barcelona generally losing concentration every since scoring - they need to stamp their autority on this match again 
this barcelona game !! neymar is too nice yo
pretty upset i'm missing the game this morning 😠
barcelona . i miss ibrahim afellay
if you play as fc barcelona in fifa then you instantly loose my respect
we play like barcelona 
watching the barcelona game instead of getting ready for work 👌
jack the giant slayer is done , next barcelona vs granada ( brunomars) ...
6 players from fcb are injured : s shit always happens to this team including valdes & messi for long time 
barcelona took the lead 1-0
barcelona goal
goaallll barcelona
atleast i get to see barcelona v/s granada ...!!
my side leading 1:0 barcelona ch888 !!!
oooooooh barcelona . it all makes sense now .
players all over the world should thank cristiano for exposing the fact that barcelona defenders are babies on a 1v1 .
and i can't believe bendtner actually said that he would like to leave in january for either barcelona or madrid ! what's he been smoking ?
save by the keeper ( fcb )
barcelona or sleep .
kai lie dawg .. barcelona matches are entertaining
barcelona matched are boring as fuck .
has been appointed as manager of f.c. barcelona . 2014
conditions for today & tomorrow : man utd shall not win , southampton shall not beat arsenal , chelsea shall not win and barcelona must lose .
30 ' god job pinto || fc . barcelona 1 - 0 granada
dude the barcelona part in brenda's bio kills my whole quote wtf
come on barça !! need a few more goals ! 
even god and jesus christ supports " barcelona " awwww
barcelona game
i'd really love to see this soton team again barcelona
you don't miss your water till your wale go dry ,,,, guys are truly passionate about hitting that ballâ€¦ 
first match , barcelona vs granada
typical -barcelona play . 
iniesta scores barcelona's 100th league goal vs granada . barcelona have now scored 100+ league goals vs 20 different clubs
well . hello blanket , hello antibiotics , hello psychotropic , hello barcelona . hello nightmare . love you .
that last barcelona movement was beautiful - shame they couldn't score 
this game is so much more exciting than barcelona's
barcelona - granada is gritty to say the least . four yellow cards in 30 minutes , one penalty 
barcelona playing arnd with granada ... whhhatttt 0.0 ?!
fuck barcelona !!! let madrid come on !!!!
dang it i can't record the barcelona game :( tell me who won
barcelona plays such beautiful soccer it just blows my mind 😍😍
barcelona - granada is gritty to say the least . four yellow cards in 30 minutes , one penalty uk
bastan schweinsteiger " the club that doesn't not respect barcelona , have no respect for football " 
idk wtf is wrong w . fcb . kmt
goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0 "
they way barcelona plays is so nasty
i hate it wen arsenal and barcelona are playing d same day .
believe movie en barcelona , en españa tanto cuesta ??????????? 
missing leo and xavi but today is a day for andres to shine :) . 
iniesta continues to make plays for barcelona 1-0 34 '
but fcb has got more fans from northern nigeria than any other part of nigeria
wish luck for barcelona 
really quite funny that arsenal fans see a bit of decent football and immediately think they're barcelona . calm down , eh ?
barcelona do what they do best get undeserved penalties .
 nights - hot spot source !
barcelona play fantasy football for real dawg
just heard the commentator saying berbatov is drawing interest from barcelona in winter transfer window 
did i just hear that right , barcelona interested in berbatov hahaha
iniesta scored , barcelona has never lost a match when this man scored
meanwhile , barcelona are leading granada 1-0 with iniesta scoring from a penalty 
 and coming up this evening . both teams have lost some of their leading players because of injuries . 
go go go barcelona
catalonia & barcelona are always related to fcbarcelona . now , playing in camp nou against granada .
come on barcelona !!!
astonishing great football by fc barcelona ..!
andres iniesta is the 12th barcelona player to score a goal this season
fact : barcelona are now at 2499 goals in la liga at camp nou ! we'll all celebrate the next goal ! lolz who am i kidding ? ツ
i am a big barcelona lover 😍
barcelona never lost a match in which iniesta has scored in
so confi watching the barcelona's game and my mom quiere or a lavar xc
iniesta scores barcelona's 100th league goal vs granada . barcelona have now scored 100+ league goals vs 20 different clubs
need granada to score and beat barcelona .
barcelona playing against granada
heaters are a girl's best friend 
if busquets is injured i will fly to barcelona and sit on the steps of the camp nou and sob for 35 years consecutively
barcelona is all booked and i'm ready to go !
andres iniesta is the 12th barcelona player to score a goal this season 
the way barcelona is playing right now 
watching the barcelona game & sanchez miss's all poli says is " pendijo tirale " 😂😂😂
fc barcelona vs fc granadha 1.30 am
the queen of england even supports " barcelona " awww♥
this barcelona - granada match is probably the best match i've seen in a while .
fc barcelona though ❤️
arsenal and barcelona both winning 🙌
min 20 : goooooaaaalll ! iniesta right foots the ball home from the penalty spot ! barcelona 1 - granada 0
bare wanna go back to barcelona
iniesta scores barcelona's 100th league goal vs granada . barcelona have now scored 100+ league goals vs 20 different clubs
fcb lose impossible
arsenal up and barcelona up 😏
boruc succeeding in emulating his hero valdes there 
i wish fcb players would pest the gk whenever they have the ball . eventually , gks will make a mistake
ter stegen would be great for barcelona - lehmann .
breaking news : barcelona interested in borucs ' signature .
go barcelona❤️❤️
iniesta just scored his first ever penalty on his professional career . 
watching barcelona game
watching barcelona now !!
granada out to break legs , barcelona responds with futbol . normal .
i love the way commentators commentate in ... always saying " woahhhh " on main match events ... 
penalty for fcb !
second penalty for barcelona .
another penalty for barcelona think this one is more fair
second penalty for barcelona !
barcelona get a second penalty . smh
ibrahimovic : balotelli to madrid ? i cannot see it . i would put him more towards barcelona . a mediocre team and a mediocre player . ”
woke up to barcelona winning . 👍❤😁
lol another penalty given to barcelona :)
another penalty for barcelona , this time won by iniesta 1-0 40 '
second penalty for barcelona .
2nd penaltu for barcelona ! 
penalty in barcelona's favor again !!! 
second penalty to barcelona , this time for a trip on andres iniesta
penalty for barcelona , again . hahaha ! i just don't know what to say .
another penalty for barcelona , this one is more for penalty
again ! penalty for barcelona !
second penalty to where is ?? 😂
penalty for 🔵
barcelona using up their seasonal quota of penalties here 
40 ' penalty again for barcelona .
what the hell are granada's defenders doing , this is football not wwe 
second pk for barcelona
second penalty to barcelona
penalty for barcelona again
smh ... penalty to fcb again
second penalty for barcelona !
penalty for barcelona !
penalty again for barcelona !!!
second penalty for barcelona babeh
another penalty or barcelona , great play by alexis
min 40 : another penalty for fc barcelona ! 
of course more penalties for barcelona ... hmmmm
penalty again for barcelona ( y )
second penalty for barcelona for foul on iniesta - no doubt there either 
pinalty again for barcelona
another penalty for barcelona omfg
finalty again for barcelona ?
i love watching arsenal’s passing game . they’re like an english barcelona… well i know not even close to be as good but yeah
 is a younger version of … he is just gr8… 
 barcelona match
fàbregas scores !!! 2500th goal barcelona scores at the camp nou playing in la liga !
another penalty for barcelona
watching 
barcelona 2 x 0 fire in the role
goool de barcelona ...... 2-0
ping ping penalty :) let the don take it again ! 
2 penalties for barcelona . smlh
this barcelona sef .
second penalty for barcelona !
smh for fcb !!!
penalty again for barcelona .. *turns off tv *
two penalties for barcelona already .
penalty again for barcelona and 2-0 ( y )
min 40 : another penalty for fc barcelona !
another penalty for barcelona . golaso de fabregas
40 penalty for barcelona as iniesta is brought down from behind
and another penalty for barcelona , watch the " uefalona " jokes come in .
foul and penalty for barcelona .. and fabregas scoreee .. fc barcelona 2 - 0 granada
barcelona up 2 goals , booom
cesc this time with the finish . 2-0 
another penalty for barcelona . another goal . cesc the goalscorer this time .
ref calls another penalty for barcelona . fabregas scores .
cesc fábregas just scored barcelona's 2500th liga goal at the camp nou .
another penalty , that's barcelona for ya
booooomm ! another goal from the penalty spot , fabregas ! 
gooolll fabregaaasss . 40 ' fcb 2-0 gra 
second penalty for barcelona .. i'm waiting for the ' parcelona '
watchin barcelona now
well after barcelona works over grenada
another penalty ... ahn ahn barcelona
barcelona with another penalty
goal fabregas 2nd penalty 
haha another penalty goal . 
ahhh fabregas you lovely man ! 2-0 barcelona ! 
gonna watch arsenal vs southampton , better and stronger game barcelona is winning this
2nd penalty for barcelona . right call .
meanwhile ....... barcelona just scored their second penalty
another penalty for fc barcelona !
that was a wicked shot from cesc fcb 2-0 gra
aw look at messi with his lil beanie 
penalty day for barcelona
fabregas score for barcelona
do you look ?? this game is very wasteful cards !! fcb 2-0 granada ( a iniesta , cesc )
cesc scores from the spot . barcelona 2-0 granada .
let the drama because barcelona just got 2 penalties begin .
ggggggoooooollllll ....... barcelona 2 vs 0 granada c . fabregas ( pen 41 ' )
barcelona get another penalty ffs
2nd penalty for barcelona lol . finished by cesc
penalty agains ! :d 2-0 for barcelona !
 is playing ? what how did i not know
barcelona up 2 goals to nil so far .
fabregas now from the spot . top corner . 2-0 barcelona
what part of barcelona is this commentator from ? lol smh
 we won
another penalty for barcelona ... and fabregas scores !!! 2-0
fcb >>>> .
omg barcelona
barcelona 2 - 0 granada . goal !!!!!!!!!!!!! barcelona very good to control the penalty chance !!!!!!!!!
another penalty goal from barcelona . see , that what happens when you choose violence over football . penalties can simply always kill you .
2nd penalty for barcelona can't win without the referee .
arsenal & barcelona are winning ! what else can i ask for this morning ? : 3 
cesc doubles the lead . let's go barca : l !!
cesc scores barcelona's 5000th nou camp goal
fabregas scores barcelona's 2500th goal with style !
fabregas scores barcelona's second penalty tonight ! 2-0 morwan laz
el barcelona jugando penalitos !! 
2nd flawless goal from penalty spot for barcelona !
second penalty for barcelona after individual stupidity from granada . will never understand players who slide in the box .
another penalty for barcelona !
bahhh should have let the don take that . ah well 2-0 
barcelona have 2-0 lead ...
no one cares about the barcelona game !
2-0 barcelona . cool from cesc
fcb ( 2 ) - ( 0 ) granada ,, good job !!
penalty untuk barcelona , cesc bersiap dan ggggggoooooaaaaalllll !!
& barcelona have won the league
another penalty . 2-0 barcelona . fabregas scores .
2-0 barcelona , fabregas converts this one with ease , sending roberto the wrong way .
cesc has scored 's 2500th goal in la liga , eh ?
wtf !! wanyama on some different shyt . reminds me of a bloke that left for barcelona
love how barcelona share their penalties when messi is not playing
lahoz giving a penalty is a rarity for fcb . 2 in a game for fcb is unheard of . 2 in one half for fcb by lahoz , is out of this world
min 40 : cesc scores from the penalty spot ! fcb 2 - 0 gra 
why people gotta hate barcelona so much ?
barcelona playing most of their youngsters
granada should be called pepe fc 
barcelona 2.500 goal in la liga at camp nou . thank you cesc . let celebrate haha
watching barcelona play , and eating pupusas = perfect morning
you fuck barcelona !!
gol again for barcelona ! 2-0
proudly a barcelona fan
2 goals , 2 penalties . we'll take it :) 
the absence of messi rise the penalty kick at barcelona
fabregas scores the 2500th la liga goal for barcelona at the nou camp
man i love watching barcelona play .
no messi ? no problem ! barcelona still have the referee !
fabregas goaal with barcelona <3
fabregas takes the second penalty . fcb 2-0 granada
gol for barcelona from a pk again 2-0
fabregas scores it into the top corner . 2-0 messi impressed with cesc's shot . 
gooll gooll gooll fabregas ' 40 ' barcelona 2-0 granada
two penalty shoots for barcelona and two goals in first half . 
2-0 both clear penalty's and taken beautiful… 
barcelona is playing the most aesthetically pleasing football in the world right now
goal barcelona !!! cesc doubles the hosts ' lead from the spot .
goalllllll ... fabregass 40 ' || fcb 2-0 granat
2-0 y'all cant touch barca !!!! 💙❤️💙❤️
watching barcelona > any barclays game on right now
common barcelona keep doing y'all's thang !
not sure barcelona or penalona
another penalty ! this time it's that nets the goal . 2-0 at camp nou 
commentators , it's a penalty kick please relax a little 
2-0 for barcelona❤️💙 .
min 40 : another penalty for fc barcelona ! 
i keep saying it , when u play against barcelona ur playing against fifa ..
barcelona another penalty hahahaha !! 2-0 against granada
cesc fabregas has scored barcelona's 5,000 th league goal and 2,500 th home league goal .
penalty number 2 in favour of barcelona amean , sigh
brilliant upper 90 from cesc ! 
barcelona is unstoppable even without messi !
goooalll ! another penalty this time finished by fabregas . 2-0 at camp nou 
keep calm and love barcelona
2-0 barcelona goal by clear fibreglass
penalty again and goall !! fabregas this time !! 
this announcer is hilarious . " that penalty was as clear as the nose on barbara streisand " lol 
barcelona playing at 4pm ( spanish time ) is strange . but much better than those poxy 11pm kick offs .
classy football .... 
as ht approaches at camp nou , barcelona is up 2-0 . goals coming from iniesta ( pk ) & cesc .
" you get a penalty goal . you get a penalty goal . everybody at barcelona gets a penalty goal !" 
barcelona have gained 2 spurs during their match so far . ps : spurs = penalties
barcelona is the best
perfect pk into the upper corner from fabregas . barcelona on pace to earn five penalty kicks today . 
breaking news : barcelona have scored a penalty again !
the second penalty for barcelona was taken by cesc fabregas and it makes the second goal for barcelona
fabregas scores barcelona 2500th goal in la liga at camp nou uk
40 menit 2 gol , 2duanya penalty . barcelona
gooaall ! fabregas scores from the spot now . 40 ' barcelona 2 - 0 granada -sq .
anybody can manage my barcelona , but nobody can manage them the guardiola way
hey what do you know a little kid using barcelona on fifa
40 ' 2-0 barcelona , this time cesc fabregas with the spot kick
two penalties for barcelona .... na ronaldo own dem go see
referee has been sold to barcelona for 1 hotdog !! are u joking ?? again a penalty ??
another penalty for barcelona
goaall ! another penalty and this time fabregas scores ! 😆 fc barcelona 2-0 granada cf
barcelona surviving on penalties !!!!
another penalty for barcelona .... looool
goal ! second penalty , second goal , barcelona bring the !! in
2-0 dunfermline at half time , if it wasn't minus 3 i'd think i was watching barcelona . 
just realized barça is playing as well !! dilemma on which game to watch - at least both are winning !!
meanwhile barcelona scored 2 penalties . pandai score penalty je keeeee
2-0 for barcelona . and they are without messi .
two love to barcelona .
min 40 : another penalty for fc barcelona ! 2-0
barcelona scoring from penalties ! rip tiki taka !
2 penalties ! 2 goals ! 
 this is so easy
barcelona penalty against granada after 39 minutes with 51 minutes to go in the 
i just noticed that barcelona was playing :o
2 goals 2 penalties ? 
min 40 : goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 
barcelona playin really well even with key players out .
barcelona confirm win liga ! gg
barcelona confirm win liga ! gg
2/2 goals made by barcelona are made from the penalty spot . granada has three yellow cards . a bit of a robbery in my opinion .
change of topic . yay , barcelona leading by 2 goals 😁 .
fabregas scores 4rm d spot kick wiv a nyc ◄90 ' & messi couldn't help it but say " o boy " 4rm d stands !!!!!! 2-0 live
barcelona's best player referee .
another penalty for barcelona , this time won by iniesta 1-0 40 '
barcelona gonna win anyway .
on the other news , barcelona scored two penalties
41 ' goal ! barcelona are 2-0 ahead against granada as scores
barcelona starting line up + wasit
cesc fabregas scores his 6th goal this season with barcelona ( liga 5 , ucl 1 ) 
can't wait for barcelona now 🍹☀️
90 minute game at barcelona 1 granada 0 and cesc scores the barcelona penalty against granada 
risky 7/2 punt on granada race to 7 @ barcelona
pinto at goal for the blaugrana today - with a good performance so far . 
2-0 make that to barcelona
 
is granada playing against barcelona that dirty ? 😂
barcelona 2 goals ! one by cesc ! cmonnnn ! cesc is loveee ! and neymar as usual with a yellow . lol
other goooooooooolll 2-0 lets goo barcelona ^ . ^
as ht approaches at camp nou , barcelona is up 2-0 . goals coming from iniesta ( pk ) & cesc ( pk) .
lol at the barça fans complaining about rm getting a lot of penalties . they're still nowhere near barcelona in refereeing terms !
barcelona only wins with penalty's 😂😂 bet neymar is gonna take the next one and then alexis 😂
lets go barcelona ! 😁 
barcelona day
barcelona is nothing without messi 😪😏
somewhere in barcelona , victor valdes is watching boruc and thinking to himself , " i'm not alone "
barcelona is playing so good 🙌
barcelona killin it
fabregas has increased barelona's lead over granada , courtesy another penalty 
no goal from sanchez so far , 2 penalties , 1 from iniesta & 1 from fabregas barcelona 2-0 up
in the meantime , barcelona had two pk goals vs . grenada in the first half .
yellow card again barcelona ' 42 sergio busquets
40 ' goal ! barcelona 2 , granada cf 0 . francesc fábregas ( barcelona ) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the top right corner .
goal : barcelona 2-0 granada . ( fabregas- penalty ) two penalties so far , two goals .
both of barcelona's goals were from penalties .
iniesta scores . barcelona can't lose .
not their best starting 11 but barcelona are still leading .
min 40 : goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0
after 40 minutes to go with 50 minutes to go in the 90 minute game to make it barcelona 2 granada 0 
now way cesc leaving barcelona
min 40 : goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 ”
now it's 2 for barcelona 
woke up early for that barcelona game !
penalty goals !! 🍻 
barcelona 2-0 granada . goal for barca coz of penalty :)
min 40 : goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 
if you watch this match barcelona - granada 
when does barcelona play athletico de madrid ? thats the liga clasico now ! 😏
because we are fcbarcelona bitches <3
watching arsenal instead of barcelona
wanyama = makalele . we missed out again . this guy was scoring against barcelona last season 😪
goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0
who is buying refrees now barcelona or real madrid ??? we alll know now ????
barcelona 
barcelona leading 2-0 . iniesta at fabregas with the goals .
barcelona 
iniesta is probably the best thing in barcelona in my opinion . pure class .
barcelona : no messi . but still , another tested and trusted player in the ref .
i'm not really a fan of barcelona but damn they know how to control a game 😵
where the haters they were saying barcelona was a one man team ?
alexis be killing them ... 
well yeah barcelona " got lucky " on those two penalties ... because you fucked up , granada . ;d 
barcelona never lost a match in which iniesta scored . 
in a parallel universe - barcelona does not get the help of the referee .
barcelona doing their thin ... i have questions for the first ok .., bt the second was cool .
who honesty wants to watch barcelona smash teams every weekend , unless it's real or athletico . it's shit
we still dnt knw wen to get direct and wen to play possession .. 
damn 2 penalties for barcelona ...
cesc has scored his 6th barcelona goal this season equals pedro , only messi and alexis have scored more [ via catradio ]
fc barcelona >>> over any team in the world
wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy gooool fcb 2 gra 0
weldone barcelona .. 2 penalties
fc barcelona main coy
min 40 : another penalty for fc barcelona ! 
i should probably get up and watch the barcelona game
min 40 : goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 
2 goals for fabregas 
southampton are barcelona did someone forget to tell boruc ?
2-0 with barcelona leading & 47 minutes left !
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
lol barcelona
lol barcelona
not sure whether barcelona or spurs
barcelona got me all focus
 : lehmann : ter stegen would be great for barcelona
 : lehmann : ter stegen would be great for barcelona
min 40 : goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 
without messi fcb 2-0 gra half time
whenever a str goes to real or fcb it pisses me off because i can't use them in fifa anymore
pedro that close from taking a yellow just before half time - fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 
min 40 : goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 
fcb all d way
cesc fabregas scores his 6th goal this season with barcelona ( liga 5 , ucl 1 ) 
wrexham are the welsh barcelona today
ht barcelona 2-0 granada iniesta and fabregas the scorers . both from the penalty spot .
who is buying refrees now barcelona or real madrid ?? we all know now ??
ubersportsfact : barcelona footballer , alex song , has 17 sisters and 10 brothers .
spain ht barcelona 2 granada 0 - two penalties , neither in question , have barcelona in command
fcb 2 - 0 granada finish first part of game ....
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
2 goals penalty for 
barcelona still leading . :)
half time . fc barcelona 2-0 granada cf goals by iniesta and fabgregas 
halftime barcelona 2-0 granada . iniesta and fabregas score from penalties
ht barcelona 2-0 granada iniesta and fabregas the scorers . both from the penalty spot . 
 /soccer : spanish primera division : fc barcelona vs . granada cf . 2-0 . penalty goals at half time .
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
watching the barcelona game :)
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
plane ticket to barcelona next year why do you cost so much ?
why did i leave barcelona's game :(
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) "
two penalties for barcelona ? why ?
well done arsenal & barcelona .
2-0 barcelona at the half ... good . let's make it 2 more from the pitch in the 2nd half ! 
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
barcelona are out the scottish cunt fuck yous hahaha !!!
w . t . f ... two penalties in one half , who cares anyway , need more goals tho ' 
first half over . barcelona 2-0 granada , thanks to penalty goals from iniesta and fabregas . 
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
half 2_1 for barcelona
barcelona 2-0 granada ht . two penalties , two goals for iniesta and fabregas . piti is the only right bright spark for the visitors .
half-time at the camp nou : barcelona 2-0 granada
barcelona winning 2-0 at halftime . 
fabregas scoring another penalty 2-0 at halftime for barcelona
barcelona never lost a match in which iniesta scored ..
half-time : -granada 2-0 . ( 20 pen ) ( 40 pen ) 
2h left .. can't wait !! 
fc barcelona is playing sick !
steve pressley's barcelona have just conceded a fifth as phil parkinson's sunday league side go ahead 
goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 "
half-time : fc barcelona 2-0 granada . 
halftime ; fc barcelona 2-0 granada cf . iniesta ' 20 fabregas ' 40 . 
the king of diving ! -____-
2 goals ahead ... barcelona !!!!!
min 45 : half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc 
half-time : 2 - 0 granada .
barcelona 2-0 granada ht . two penalties , two goals for iniesta and fabregas . piti is the only real bright spark for the visitors .
barcelona is 2 goals up against granada at the nou camp 6n7
1st half is over . so far i'm beyond satisfied with how barcelona is playing . granada is playing like crap and being assholes . dumb black guy
fc barcelona fighthing : 3
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
fc barcelona doing work
2-0 fcb in halftime , im rooting for a granada goal in the 2nd half
neymar , jr - rtfeedback appreciated - condom use has declined in all age groups owl , limfmjo
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
what's barcelona using penalties for ?
real madrid game after barcelona game (:
 ht ! current scores : fc barcelona 2-0 granada . both goals were scored by penalty kick by iniesta and fabregas . :-)
goal barcelona ! 2- 0 this time it’s fabregas who steps up and converts . after 39 ' iniesta is brought down in the box by rico ( ht )
" min 40 : goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 
thanks 
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
halftime !!! 2-0 barcelona winning !!! 😊⚽️
 vs 
thank god things are going well 
half time fc . barcelona 2 vs 0 granada !!! ( a . iniesta ( p ) 20 ' & c . fabregas ( p ) 40 ' ) !!! :) ( y )
today is made slightly better by the knowledge that barcelona is up 2-0 at half and will totally win their game today .
half : barcelona 2 - 0 granada with goals by iniesta and cesc
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
not sure .. if barcelona or penalona -_- "
lol gosh .. fcbarcelona is so much fun to watch ⚽️ 
min 45 : half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc ça
statistik babak 1 : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
barcelona has never lost a game in which iniesta scored😳😳😳 thats crazy
another penalty and cesc converts this time ! awesome !!!! 2-0 !! 
barcelona's time
ht stats , barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
barcelona 2 clear penalties not bad so far !
half time : fc . barcelona 2 v 0 granada iniesta'20 ( pen ) fabregas'40 ( pen ) 4
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
i don't think granada has ever even won to barcelona so its no surprise they've had less possession of the ball in this game
half-time : barcelona 2 - 0 granada . iniesta ( 20 pen ) fabregas ( 40 pen ) 
barcelona 2-0 granada iniesta and fabregas the scorers . both from the penalty spot .
" min 40 : goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 " ht 2-0
okay now to watch barcelona
10 players injured and still winning 2-0 . 
why is it fc barcelona game is on star sports channel ?!?! i wanna watch the game of arsenal .. life is sooo unfair ..
 has scored his 6th barcelona goal this season equals pedro , only messi and alexis have scored more [ via catradio ]
half time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
mia san mia ~ fcb
stats barcelona vs granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 ( ball possessioan unggul jauh )
i know neymar can handle it . and give barcelona a victory . 
cesc fabregas has scored his 1st penalty goal ever for barcelona 
ht stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ] 
barcelona footballer , alex song , has 17 sisters and 10 brothers .
i shit in the dead of barcelona
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 
it's half time already at the nou camp and barcelona lead by 2 goals ( iniesta and fabregas pen ) 6n7
half time : fc barcelona 2{iniesta'20p & fabregas'40p } vs granada 0 . . . .
second half barcelona better score goals created my plays not penalties .
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 
i shit in the dead of the barcelona
cesc fabregas has scored his 1st penalty goal ever for barcelona 
ht : barcelona 2-0 granada . both are scored from penalties and from what i'm reading they're both correct penalty calls :)
ht : barcelona 2-0 granada ( iniesta 20 ' [ p] , cesc 40 ' [ p ]) wasn't a great half , the team lacked the finish and focus when they had the ball .
i don't think granada has ever even won to barcelona so its no surprise they've had less possession of the ball in this game
half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc
lol at barcelona
" cesc fábregas just scored barcelona's 2500th liga goal at the camp nou ."
barcelona claiming their glory with penalties : rofl :) ha ha ha :)
" playing pirates is like playing barcelona " still remember those words
ht barcelona 2-0 granada iniesta and fabregas the scorers . both from the penalty spot .
fabregas scored plenty for barcelona for the first time
wow such penalty barcelona .
half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc "
barcelona clear !
cesc fabregas has scored his 1st penalty goal ever for barcelona 
barcelona fc should b changed to penalty fc mtchew !!!
cesc fabregas has scored his 1st penalty goal ever for barcelona 
ht stats , barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
half-time : barcelona 2 - 0 granada 
barcelona 2-0 granada at the half . penalty goals by iniesta and cesc .
end of the first half with barcelona 2 & granada cf 0 ☺️
i hate barcelona so much
how many penalties are barcelona fucking scoring ? dafuq is going on
 - cesc fabregas has scored his 1st penalty goal ever for barcelona against granada
barcelona have started the game with 7 former academy players 
barcelona 2-0 ht and arsenal are 1-0 
barcelona without penalties is nothing ! ! 😑
shouldn't referees receive the balon d'or? they single-handedly helped barcelona to win matches !
it goes from watching barcelona to beach soccer , not bad at all 
min 45 : half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc ça
ht stats , barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
2 penalty 2 goal iniesta n fabregas 
fcbarcelona min 45 : half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc .
i didn't even realise arsenal playing ... 
barcelona is so disgusting . a team who really know how to being " weak " when doing body contact . skillful .
i once played as arsenal in pes against barcelona and led 4 to nil , until messi scored 4 goals in the last 15 minutes forcing an extra time
my son can just support barcelona like , too hard to be a sunderland fan ...
stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39
i hope barca wins with a goal diff of 5 !! too much to ask ? not for barca !! ;) 
highlights 1st ! barcelona iniesta 19 " & fabregas 40 " minute 
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
 barcelona - falling out of tree
it's fc barcelona 2 granada 0 at half-time
they said barcelona without messi is nothing they said
why is barcelona only getting pk's . where are the " plays "
love how messi there supporting 
i love barcelona☆
min 40 : goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 
for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game [ via misterchip ]
cules , that cesc fabregas and iniesta have scored their 1st penalty goal ever for barcelona .
can't express my excitement for barcelona in january
cesc has scored his 6th barcelona goal this season equals pedro , only messi and alexis have scored more [ via catradio ]
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
- barcelona up ahead because of 2 penalties . 
for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game . -sq .
barça just doing what they do best . dominate ! 
pinto is playing his first game of the season before today , he played 64 barcelona games , conceded 51 goals
woke up early to watch barcelona play . 😌
i'll love barcelona till the day i die ⚽⚽💕💕
halftime is up 2
min 45 : half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc . 
barcelona will lose without messi they said . bish plis , barcelona are leading 2-0 right now
for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game 
did i know fabregas penalty is his first for barcelona since he joined them . ht- 2 0 . 
pitt bound .. fcb goin steel this show 
ht : barcelona 2-0 granada . both goals are scroed from the penalty spot [ iniesta and fabregas ]
min 45 : half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc 
good job barcelona 2-0 half time
it's barcelona 2 granada 0 at half-time . will anyone catch the catalan giants this season ? what do you think real madrid fans ?
meanwhile , over in spain , leaders barcelona beating granada 2-0 at half-time , iniesta and fabregas , both from the penalty spot .
for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game 
ıt's fc barcelona 2 granada 0 at half-time . get the complate first half stats here :d
andres iniesta scores his first goal for barcelona this season 
statistik babak 1 : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ] "
you can't say barcelona haven't deserved it for their play , but it's been two really clumsy challenges in the box ;-)
for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game [ via misterchip ]
when messi and valdes are injured .. barcelona got two penalties in one half .. just a coincidence ? no its not they have neymar " actor "
cesc has scored his 1st penalty goal ever for barcelona ! 
barcelona day's b )
mea culpa earlier . it's almeria vs real madrid , not vs barcelona .
barcelona fans act like them winning is big news
italian agent beppe bozzo ( kolarov's agent ): " i think messi could really leave barcelona and i think manchester city could sign him ."
watching barcelona play is a waste of time
iniesta scores barcelona's 100th liga goal v granada . 20th team against which barcelona have scored 100+ league goals .
feck off with your diet pills america i'm trying to watch barcelona
watching barcelona's game⚽️😦
neymar should better score ... 
ht : fc barcelona 2-0 granada goals scored by fabregas and ineasta . forca barca ! 10 the manager
will watch family guy , simpsons and american dad . better than watching fcb - . -
stat babak pertama : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
half-time in the nou camp and barcelona lead granada 2-0
barcelona are out the scottish cup fuck you david gormley ya prick !
andres iniesta is the 12th barcelona player to score a goal this season 
watching barcelona 
go arsenal and barcelona !!
go go go go go barcelona
end of first half fc barcelona 2-0 granada
it warms my heart that barcelona can still win without messi <3
this is probably cesc fabregas ' 1st penalty goal for fc barcelona . visca barca y visca catalunya !!!!
for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game [ via misterchip ] 10
looking to go to a game next year . other than the classico , what game would you recommend ? 
for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game 
barcelona never die
i'm thinking of either buying a manchester city shirt with silva's name or a barcelona shirt with marc bartra's name
barcelona is winning 2-0
barcelona leading as messi looks on from the stances but with two penalty though .
half 2_0 for barcelona💙💘
" for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game [ via misterchip ] "
fc barcelona tr88888 !
yes , it's fc barcelona 2 granada 0 at half-time
if courtney tells me she's at the barcelona game i think i'm gonna die .
proof . barcelona is still barcelona without messi .
woke up like at 645 to see barcelona play yoo
barcelona 2 , granada 0 ( my first football tweet )
football everywhere : ' 39 arsenal vs southampton : 1-0 ' 69 hertha berlin vs bayer leverkusen ; 0-1 ht : barcelona vs granada : 2-0
barcelona + referees = love story 😂❤️
as if barcelona need help to beat granada at the camp nou ... they've been given two penalties in the first half . 2-0 barca at the half .
barcelona got two penalties , best in the world they say .
francois gallardo : lionel messi will leave barcelona at the end of the season . enter karl ' bullshitman ' pilkington
cesc has scored his 6th barcelona goal this season equals pedro , only messi and alexis have scored more
" min 45 : half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc "
i think it's about time i get " g . deulofeu - 10 or 7 " on my next home kit , be it an everton or a barcelona one
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 
frankfurt have come back from two goals down to lead 3-2 vs schalke , while in la liga , barcelona have a 2-0 lead vs granada .
barcelona needed two penalties to score , best in the world they say .
cesc fabregas has scored his 1st penalty goal ever for barcelona 
i love you and galatasaray players , one direction , the nats , and finally the barcelona players
damn i missed the first half of the barcelona game😩
cesc scores his first penalty for barça . and barcelona's 2500th goal in camp nou . 
barcelona dah 2 goal yeahhh xx
tbh , only cowards support barcelona , support an epl team and watch good soccer !!!
cesc fabregas scored barcelona's 2500th liga goal at camp nou stadium 
even without messi and valdes , barcelona are amazing
for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game [ via misterchip ]
for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game 
barcelona is just going ham
barcelona leading yesss
barcelona 2500 goals altogether :d
i love 
for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game .
haha just beat holly with st johnstone and she was barcelona 14 
barcelona is just amazing <3
ter stegen would be great for barcelona
min 45 : half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc ..
min 40 : goooooaaaalll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 - granada 0 ...
watching ze barcelona game
goalllll ! fran rico brings down iniesta in the area , and cesc converts the penalty ! fc barcelona 2 vs granad 1
cesc fabregas scored barcelona's 2500th liga goal at camp nou stadium "
patiently waiting for bvb vs fcb ... hurry up !!!!!
barca still nasty even when we're missing all these key players because of injures ❤️💙
can i just go to barcelona and just play soccer with messi all day ? please
stuff : for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game 
fc . barcelona football favorit club
halftime is over . let's go !
i really dont know how ppl enjoy watching barcelona .
second half is underway ! barcelona vs granada
2 penalties for and are leading 
2nd half : 2-0 granada 
got up early to watch the game çabarça
the second half gets under way at the camp nou . fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 
barcelona su tactical training e season ki ta hopi mas miho ku last season .. yammer ku tito no por tbtei most of the season 
kudos to my guys on pitch ..... no lionel messi and they are still scoring .... barcelona 2 grannada 0
even without the goat messi , fc barcelona got some killas
so many people injured on barcelona 😓
soccer niqqa <3 
mad i can't watch the game today but i hope it's a good one . i think there will be a lot of work from both teams . lets go fcb ! 
kick off second half : fcb 2-0 granada ..
a barca without valdez , messi or xavi is still barcelona
2nd half !!!!!!!!! live ...... leggo
woke up and now im watching barcelona play  // 
kick off babak 2 , fcb 2-0 granada , enjoy the show !! :)
back underway at the camp nou . 2-0 for barcelona
soccer livescore : ( esp-pd ) barcelona vs cf : 2-0 : 2nd half started 
kick off babak 2 , fcb 2-0 granada , enjoy the show !! :)
i don't watch barcelona matches , but when i do i get some diving lessons .
come on barcelona
if iniesta or neymar get injured then that could end barcelona's winning streak .
barcelona soyeah
keep going fcb > 3
 2nd half of fc barcelona vs . granada , start ! :-d
cesc fabregas scored barcelona's 2500th liga goal at camp nou stadium 
kick off the second half barcelona 2-0 granada 
barcelona not in a hurry to go forwards and losing the ball 
kick off babak kedua .. fc . barcelona 2 v 0 granada iniesta ' 20 ( pen ) fabregas ' 40 ( pen ) 4
a barca without valdez , messi or xavi is still barcelona haters ??
barcelona vs granda .. looking more like grenada ..
neymar , jr - rtfeedback appreciated - condom use has declined in all age groups owl , limfmjo
watching barcelona 
about to board my flight home from barcelona . let's see who is fastest - my plane or doctor who tardis
kick off babak ke ii fc . barcelona day !! good luck :)
not very accurate passing till now… c'mon 
well looks like barcelona won't drop points today ...
arsenal and barcelona are both gettin the dub today✊ then notre dame later👌
good luck fcb <3 _ <3
00.00 barcelona i love you
kick off round two fcb vs gra
if you don't support fc barcelona your an unbeliever !! 
the second half gets under way at the camp nou . fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 çalive
half time at the camp nou fcb 2-0 gra .
am just looking at tweet >> lol afc better than fcb go on >
barcelona and real madrid = tom and jerry .
me and muneeb basically having a convo with all the barcelona players
good job barcelona !
i love fc fc barcelona
nice to see barcelona tonight , nice to see you again diy , i'll be back soon .
lol barcelona leading 3-0 against granada and all 3 scored from spot . iniesta , fabregas , xavi
record barcelona in 190 liga games at camp nou that barcelona were winning 2-0 at half-time : 187w - 3d - 0l
~~~ battle ~~~ messi + neymar + fcb = like cr7 + bale + rma = comment ronney + rvp + adnan = share time /- 30 min via : neymar junior -sk
pedro just missed an open goal lol fcb 2-0 grn
y isn't it neymar-alexis-pedro ? pedro on the lw isn't that good… 
barcelona cannot score an open goal 😂😂
no penalty , no party * barcelona
opportunity for barcelona
pep ! this bayern can't be barcelona , and you can't make history again like you did in fcbarcelona
hehehe you may be right , though every time arsenal and barcelona plays all i see is ... even some manu fans have come to agree with ...
la liga belongs to us again this year # fcb
barcelona is winning by 2 pks ? 😮
jes first half .... 2 penalties to barcelona .... explain again , how la liga is better than premier league ...
barcelona straight dominating this game
❤barcelona❤
: good luck barcelona👏👏💃💃💃🎊🎉🎊 #برشلونه
oh that was awks 
so barca undefeated season moving forward " 2-0 up " :d
 ..... for life .
a vegan restaurant must be really fucking amazing to survive in barcelona .
spain gave justin the opportunity of playing with the barcelona football team , now give us the opportunity 
arsenal's game👌 barcelona's game👌 and later dortmund vs bayern👌👍⚽️
reading that the last 17 goals in haven´t been score by . but i keep hearing messi dependence in this team .
the second half gets under way at the camp nou . fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 "
i can't talk to you , but i can't not talk to you , ean football is , barcelona have spent a lot of money ," 
boruc , southampton keeper , will submit a transfer request to join barcelona or real madrid .
barcelona have now scored 2500th league goals at the camp nou [ via ]
 the great and powerful team
barcelona have scored two penalties , ironic
watching barcelona againts garada
messi should wear a barcelona shirt or jersey when he's on the pitch at the camp nou , not an adidas sweat shirt .
barcelona without messi for 2months = new team 
do sane people still watch barcelona games ?
fcb created so many chances but the finishing is too weak and bad for it to matter sigh
the history and evolution of stop-motion , scrm his son wants to go to united , but fcb want 2 convince him 2 stay
my new bio should look like this : jason statham's distant cousin , fcb , d'banj's number one fan ...., what more ?
he's planning going to spain . barcelona and madrid . hahah football freak
i like how barcelona plays as a team , always touching the ball .
barcelona have now scored 2500th league goals at the camp nou [ via ]
listening to the carpenters in barcelona seems to be something i've done a lot this year
barcelona vs granada 2-0 and happening
barcelona footballer , alex song , has 17 sisters and 10 brothers .
barcelona have now scored 2500th league goals at the camp nou 
barcelona have now scored 2500th league goals at the camp nou .
barcelona are really addressing the issue of over reliance on messi
i'm against picketing , but i don't know how t 18 , barcelona 15 & arsenal 6 , manchester united : sir alex ferguson ,
barcelona are playing very good
" rumours about messi leaving barcelona " no , stop , how can you possibly believe that ?
a man is measured by the size of things that anger him , ut any reply from barcelona ,, all german final
seriously though . this guy . orgasms . every time barcelona touches the ball . i swear he's crying right now . 
barcelona is so boring to watch without messi
i love you fcbarcelona
cr7 is better , messi only plays well with other very gd players look at his stats outside barcelona 100
barcelona is winning , what a good day :)
barcelona have now scored 2500th league goals at the camp nou 
granada gotta foul barcelona just to slow em ' down . 😂😂👏
cesc has scored his 6th barcelona goal this season equals pedro , only messi and alexis have scored more [ via catradio ]
" barcelona captain today : andres iniesta "
currently watching barcelona vs granada and arsenal vs southampton .
barcelona 2 - 0 granada___2nd half
half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) 
 barcelona vs . granada
come on barcelona !!
arsenal seem off while barcelona look usual .
barcelona have now scored 2500th league goals at the camp nou
i'll rather watch this norwich and newcastle till arsenal return than barcelona vs grenada .. epl is just better
now , barcelona have scored 2500 goals in the camp now 😍😍😍 !
barcelona have now scored 2500th league goals at the camp nou [ via ] "
 barcelona game
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 [ via fcb ]
barcelona have now scored 2500th league goals at the camp nou [ via ]
good job barcelona 😏⚽️
" half-time : barcelona-granada 2-0 . iniesta ( 20 pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) "
hans krankl ( ex-barca/rapid player ) attends todays game of fc barcelona against granada . #öfb 
2 penalties for barcelona to make it 2-0 . yeaa they can definetly win without messi . * yawn *
arsenal/southampton and barcelona/granada . you see i am in the middle of two games from two different leagues . !!
" full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 7-4 , on target 5-1 , offsides 1-2 , corners 1-3 , fouls 8-10 , possession 61-39 "
his smile is everything for barcelona fans- 
dongou , sergi roberto , and adama all warming up for barcelona .
so i'm guessing 1d day is indeed pre-recorded because cesc fàbregas is in barcelona and he's playing a match as we speak
neymar is absured . how he just came and fitted into this system too , man ! iniesta is wearing an invisible cloak-so smooth ! 
min 45 : half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc 
" for the first time , barcelona have scored two penalty goals in the first 40 minutes of a spanish league game "
looks like barcelona is ok without , still don't like em tho 
【fuck'n barcelona】 ¡hala madrid !
a proud fcb fan ....
an hour gone at nou camp ! barcelona are still in charge at the moment . barcelona 2-0 granada , now .
barcelona leading 2-0 .
this granada team plays better than madrid against barcelona
yeah barcelona ... go go go
leo : " my professional debut ? i’ve fought hard to make that moment happen and it was really special . ” [ fcb ]
people really hype up everything barcelona does ... that shit wasn't " magic "... wasn't even that great smh
fcb 2-0 gra ! ars 1-0 sou !
2 penalties 4 barcelona , this's bizzare
messi is injured ... barcelona can only score two penalties .
barcelona still leading 2 goals to nil .
that 14 commericial is the closest alex song has been to the pitch since joining 
let barcelona and arsenal play at the same time ... no one could support both teams -__-
last time i was at murrayfield hibs got humped by barcelona ! cmon scotland !
watching the barcelona game .
a win based on penalties isn't very comforting , though ... doesn't show if we've shaken off messidependency 
gotta love how barcelona plays 💙⚽️❤️ iniesta and neymar are playing great together
min 45 : half time at the camp nou ! fc barcelona lead granada 2-0 thanks to two penalties scored by iniesta and cesc
fabregas scored for barcelona again :d
barcelona vs getafe 2-0
la liga : live ' barcelona 2-0 granada . [ iniesta & cesc ] both clear penalties ..
barcelona's attack .. not not not
so , barcelona cannot score without a penalty ?! they are doomed !
now , barcelona have scored 2500 goals in the camp nou😍😍😍 ! *
59 ' gone and the score is barcelona 2-0 granata 
barcelona so useless without messi
barcelona sure you can do ....
watching fc barcelona while still keep tweeting 
watching barcelona vs grenada . it's like a field full of saxy maaaaanssss .
barcelona <3 still doing good without messi too :')
bartra is the best cb on barcelona's books y/n ?
is it just me or does barcelona minus iniesta looks clueless going forward ?
barcelona's winning this !
god bless 
finished my workout !! now time for the el classico ( german one ) ;) bvb vs fcb !! come on baby !! 
bartra is too good . gives me so much hope for the future of barcelona once the veterans are gone
i think barcelona have spent much money on that referee
marc bartra is going to be a phenomenal defender ! how did adriano get games at cb above him . absolutely class ! 
getting up early just to watch the barcelona game 
marc bartra is a brick wall ! i love it 💙❤️💛
i'm big fans manceshterunited , realmadrid , fcbarcelona ♥♥♥
pilot ibe1549 with flight number ib0801 , takeoff from barcelona - lebl , with 159 souls on board . date : 23/11/13 16:22 (utc )
 now watching fc barcelona vs granada
marc bartra is having a good game . he might be the solution to barcelona's defence problems 
manuel iturra shown a second yellow card for granada . still barcelona 2-0 up
barcelona scored from penalties . 
barcelona is winning 2-0
sent off ! manuel iturra ! second yellow card ! min 55 " barcelona 2 v 0 granada cf
as usual ref helping barcelona win smfh
weird seeing barcelona given penalties and opponent given a red card all in one season ! i mean match !
2 penalties and 1 red card . barcelona are back
barcelona - getafe 2-0 utvist : iturra , getafe , 66
iturra finally sent off . game over 
ht : e . frankfurt 3-3 s04 hertha berlin 0-1 b04 are currently in 2nd with 31 pts . they are waiting for bvb - fcb's game .
barcelona still good without some stars
red card for granada . who are they playing against ? barcelona . this is a joke
 free kick barcelona ' 66
solidarity on the right side of barcelona . good to see montoya progressing every game and words fail me on bartra . something else atm .
" messi set for barcelona exit ". goal-com is feeding us bullshit .
manuel iturra sent off for . can score more goals now ? 
barcelona winning against granada , 2 penalty 1 red card
if barcelona met our valuation of luiz (£50m) , would you accept ?
barcelona b players dongou and adama are among the players warming up 
my mom just went to a barcelona game and i know she's so happy lol
with that red card for iturra i'm turning off barcelona v granada . i honestly don't know what granada were even trying to do today .
cristiano : [ the calma celebration ] " it was not planned it was in the match against barcelona , ​​people were very excited ." 1/2
i wanna be in barcelona too !!!!
barcelona winning 2-0
barcelona b players dongou and adama are among the players warming up 
barcelona b players dongou and adama are among the players warming up 
barcelona b adama and dongou are among warming up .
barcelona b players dongou and adama are among the players warming up 
once i was in barcelona with barca jersey , a note fell on ground .. i bowed to pick .. ref gave penalty ! 
barcelona b players dongou and adama are among the players warming up 
so barcelona is leading granada 2-0 from two penalties . smh
i want dongou , roberto and adama to come on for fcb 
with 24 minutes to go in the 90 minute game at barcelona 2 granada 0 
leo messi shows off his golden boot to the barcelona fans : messi received the award on wednesday as europe's top goalscorer in the 20 ...
match fixing barcelona and granada i think referee fix the match 2pk and easy red card . shit .... la liga its shitttt
cristiano : " i always prepare well , be it against barcelona or osasuna ".
36 fouls in a barcelona match by mateu lahoz with two penalties and a red card . 
barcelona have now scored 2500th league goals at the camp nou [ via ]
in other news , fcb are winning 2-0 . both goals scored from the spot . 
one thing i hate about barcelona is that when they're winning , they get too confident when they shouldnt .
marc bartra has the potential to be great , the end of fcb's defensive problems hopefully
feels great to be home . 
now i'm stuck watching la liga ... or should i say " la liga de barcelona y real madrid "
before i die im going to barcelona , spain to watch one of barca's games live
if only could come in and give an assist to make a statement to 
70 mins and no subs ? come on tata the game is won . rest some players 
good saved by pinto ; fc barcelona 2-0 granada cf . 
and afterward , alexis makes it 3-0 barcelona
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllll del barcelona
neymar to alexis and goal ! 3-0 for fcbarcelona ..
jurgen klopp interview on bayen , pep and barcelona ahead of this evening's match andhttp :// www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bjejb950zg
red card in barcelona - iturra ( gra ) sent off with second yellow 66th min
go fcb
barcelona 3-0 granada , alexis played into the penalty area by neymar to finish neatly
goal again barcelona by alexis .... barca
wah ... what a counter attack by fcb !!!
my baby doing a great job 😍💕
fc barcelona❤❤
barcelona score their third goal . finally , a goal that is not because of a penalty .
goal ! 3-0 barcelona sanchez
alexis sanchez~ barcelona 3 - 0 granada . counter attack .
and barcelona scores the 3rd . gay
gooolll alexissss !!!!! fcb 3-0 gra 
famenes alexis !! goall fcb 3-0 gra
neymar is the assist . sanchez with the goal 
watching barcelona vs granada . impressed with this brahimi kid ( granada) . some tasty touches ...
goal !! alexis 71 ' fc barcelona 3-0 granada 
stay tuned tomorrow and next monday . we'll be publishing comments and exclusive photos live from the event in barcelona . 
ggggggggooooollllll ...... barcelona 3 vs 0 granada a . shancez ( 71 ' )
and alexis makes it three barcelona
barcelona 😻👌 nice ass goal .
good chipping form alexis shancez ! barcelona 3-0 granada 
sanchez continues his stunning form this season ... leads now 3-0
alexis on fire 
goal - alexis sanchez scores the third goal . at 72 ', fcb 3-0 gra .
granada we be killing y'all!!! 💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️
alexis sanchez makes it 3-0 for . first goal from open play this afternoon . 
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaal alexis . barcelona 3 granada 0 . 
goal goal goal !!! score !!! 
' 71 gooolll ! alexis . 3-0 gra .
goaaaall ! a strike by alexis assisted by neymar👍 fc barcelona 3-0 granada cf
💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙 
semi-counter attack by barcelona with sanchez at the ending ! 3-0 ! 
goooooooaall alexis !!! :d ' 71 assist neymar fcb 3-0 gra 
can barcelona at least drop some points just to make my weekend a little bit better ? * lol *
counter attack ! alexis score ! fcb 3-0 gra 71 ''
alexis make 1 goal for fcb !! 
we must and we will catch up to barcelona , dont believe me just watch
martino still hasn't lost a game as coach of barcelona . 
unfortunately so ! a red card is inevitable when you play against barcelona
71 barcelona goal alexis sanchez finish as neymar leads the counter , lays it off for the scorer barcelona 3 granada 0
barcelona game then real madrid game ♥
gooll gooll gooll alexsis ' 70 '. barcelona 3-0 granada
goal barcelona 3-0 granada - alexis sanchez with the goal this time !!
barcelona day's
goall , 3-0 for barcelona
goooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaal ! jyeahhhhhhhhhhhh : * 
this fc barcelona game is sad , they're whoopin granadas ' ass
great counter attack . 
ancelotti : " barcelona have the same problem like us , with injured players . no need to think of the opposite ."
goal !!! 72 ' alexis sanchez ( barcelona ) shoots and it's a goal !
the score is now , 3 to nill >>>> 
fuck yeah ! 3-0 keep it up barcelona !!
 loqkaaaaaaaaaaaaaa :-)
alexis scores his 8th barcelona goal of the season ( liga 8 ) neymar with his 9th barcelona assist ( liga 8 , ucl 1) !
latest barcelona 3-0 granada alexis with the 3rd
sanchez goaaal !! a quick strike that was . snapshot indeed ! barcelona 3-0 granada , here .
barcelona is the best !!!
neyney gives alexis a wonderful assist , and he puts in calmly . 3-0 for barcelona .
meanwhile , barcelona are on fire .
barcelona 3 - granada 0 ; and there's still 20 minutes left into the game .
barcelona has a nice little brazil-chile connection going between neymar and alexis sanchez . 
barca scoring from counter-attacks 
barcelona 3-0 granada a fucking boring game
min 71 : alexis scored a goal and assisted by neymar ( barcelona 3 - 0 granada )
watching barcelona play makes me so happy . 
and alexis , that guy who looks like he doesn't belong in a barcelona just keeps on scoring . 
barcelona doing goodd ! love my teamm
this neymar-alexis combo is becoming lethal ! 3-0 barcelona !
its not about .. it's about <3 
barcelona☑☑♥
sanchez makes it 3 for barcelona , life continue without messi if you ask me .
pinto saves it and alexis go on to score . beautiful performance by tonight .
barcelona's no fair atm .
goal barcelona !!! alexis makes it 3-0 .
alexis sánchez continuing his fine scoring run , giving barcelona their third goal of the game , for 3-0 .
alexis sanchez thinks he's messi these days lool 
goalll goall goalaso ! barcelona 3-0 and ill give you 1 guess ! sanchez bags us a winner ! come on boys !
taking my parents out for dinner . smh imma regret this . n i'm missing bvb v fcb bruh .
2 pks and a red card . barcelona🙈
min 74 : first and second sub barcelona > busquets and alexis out , song and sergi roberto in 
the color commentator for the barcelona game is killing me 😂😂😂
" a counter attack that captain james kirk would be proud of " -barcelona commentator
you'd swear neymar has been an " assisting " manager for barcelona's attack force
when sergi roberto comes on for , you know the game is over .
bendtner ? i thought he went to play for a top team like real madrid or barcelona ? 
finally song will playing along ^_^) ♥
barcelona is class , even without messi 
3-0 barcelona is winning👌👌😄😄😄⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️
loving how barcelona is playing
over 2.5 lands easily in the barcelona game and have a double winning . comeback for peterborough would show us huge profit
goaall ! alexis sanchez finish as neymar leads the counter , lays it off for the scorer . 71 ' barcelona 3 - 0 granada -sq .
sanchez makes it 3 ! shaky defence for barca though . ( barcelona 3-0 granada ) 
barcelona are really the most ridiculous cheating team in the world . no one comes even close - apart from man united .
1st match with 7 injured players 
it wasn't long ago that sanchez didn't quite fit at barcelona . he's now an integral part . 
gooooaaalllllll !!!! alexis !!! fcb 3-0 granada !! yessss !!!! please atleast one more guys !!! quick !
all i want for christmas is for barcelona to lose 3 games
looks like messi will leave barcelona to a neighbor country . will be mónaco or psg ?.
fc barcelona live star sports
yes alexis goal !!!!! 
watching barcelona right now , up 3love with messi alves xavi vadles , abla , tello all hurt !! world class !. sergi roberto gettin lil playing time :)
fcb : alexis sánchez now on 8 goals from 10 laliga matches this season . on 8 from 11 .
he plays raw in barcelona and in chile
fc barcelona is just not appealing to watch anymore ... good football but dull ! * yawn *
substitution alerts to barcelona !! sánchez off - roberto making his way in . barcelona 3-0 granada , at the moment .
gooolll ... alexis fc . barcelona 3 v 0 granada iniesta ' 20 fabregas ' 40 ( pen ) alexis ' 71 4
barcelona looking good even without messi , xavi , alba , and valdes :)
min 74 : first and second sub barcelona > busquets and alexis out , song and sergi roberto in
goal ! barcelona 3-0 granada - alexis sanchez finishes well after neymar's pass ! 71 '
barça is already on 3 goals my baby scored 😁😍 
min 74 : first and second sub barcelona > busquets and alexis out , song and sergi roberto in 
min 74 : first and second sub barcelona > busquets and alexis out , song and sergi roberto in 
granada is no match for me with my top players out " 3-0
great sequence from granada ends in terrible indecision . bartra is a damn ball winner ! and then granada forgot to transition . goal fcb !
alexis sanchez scores again for , one of europe's form players at the moment .
who needs new centre back when barcelona have bartra ?
min 74 : first and second sub barcelona > busquets and alexis out , song and sergi roberto in 
alexis now joins the injured messi as the joint barcelona liga topscorer of the season with 8 goals
watching barcelona match on the computer and i didn't even realised they score . cause i'm too engrossed on my phone tweeting😂
oh did i miss fcb vs granada ? damn it ! catching fire you owe me a mockingjay
now i realised why barcelona can own the other team from the same league so easily .......
min 74 : first and second sub barcelona > busquets and alexis out , song and sergi roberto in 
barcelona is killing it right now 😃⚽ 3-0
76 ' good saved by pinto !; fc barcelona 3-0 granada cf . 
this tata guy managing barcelona needs to be fired . he sucks .
tell you what ... i love watching bartra play these days . another good young player from la masia ( a defender this time) . almost unfair . 
i feel your pain granada !!! 💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️
min 71 : gooooaaallll !!! alexis makes it 3 granada 0 i love more more and more 
barcelona is a darn corrupted club ... big deal !
barcelona is better then madrid
even without messi , barcelona will always manages to score goals , they're proven it all year .
fcb 3 ❤️❤️
 can score with or without and they are proving it .
barcelona has done just fine without messi today
sergi roberto is on !!!! yay !! he's the future ! 
i'm cheesed i spent so much time tweeting i forgot barcelona is playin this morning .. the game has like 10 mins kmt
eight goals by and two assists 's top scorer next to in la .
alexis sanchez has scored as many goals ( 8 ) as messi for barcelona in the league .
it never gets old to watch barcelona play ; love their playing style :)
alexis is having d best tym of his barcelona career
barcelona is a lot of fun .
granada could've been down 2-1 with 20 minutes still to play , but instead barcelona get the counter attack and make it 3-0 😂
barcelona beatifully ( all the best ) football
perfect barcelona ! 
 football fcb vs gra at star sports chanel :-)
barcelona be running down these granada boys
alwasyh the best barcelona 
guardiola : " messi to bayern ? i won't get him neither would i try to . barcelona is the best team for him , he is a blaugrana ." 
first and second sub barcelona > busquets and alexis out , song and sergi roberto in ça
yes ! fc barcelona against granada ! 3 - 0 !!! and what a coincidence . i'm wearing my fc barcelona jersey :d !
granada player iturra is the first player to get a red card in a barcelona game in the liga this season 
barcelona winning 3-0
alexis sanchez has scored as many goals ( 8 ) as messi for barcelona in the league so far this season .
missed the goal buuutttt anyway .. fcb 3 - 0 gra . ( alexis )
even w/o messi playing barcelona is still amazing . 😏
neymar , jr - rtfeedback appreciated - condom use has declined in all age groups owl , limfmjo
alexis is playing well this season ! 
aye .. alexis sanchez .. is a bad man ... is like neymar arrival give the boy his mojo back 
one hour to go - best game this season . vs . 
iniesta and cesc are 3rd and 4th spaniard to score liga penalty for barcelona since 1989 mendieta 4 , bojan 1 ça
and then they said barcelona isnt shit without messi . hahahaha
i'm watching both arsenal and barcelona match right now !!! can't keep up ..
so gutted by granada's display against barcelona , they've shown them too much respect !!!
min 71 : fcb 3-0 grenada and they said , no messi no party ...
barcelona have now scored 2500th league goals at the camp nou ça
aand pique did the 2nd torres for barcelona
wonder if barcelona will let us have messi on loan in january ? not as if they've needed him this season really ...
บาซ่า ... โหดดีไม่มีตก !!! @ fcbarcelona : min 71 : gooooaaallll !!! alexis makes it fc barcelona 3 granada 0 "
alexis has scored his 8th goal and neymar has given his 9th assist for barcelona this season 
real madrid 2 barcelona 1 i have bet daryl swift at fifa !!!!!!!!!!!!!
the is playing good 3-0
 has scored his 8th goal and neymar has given his 9th assist for barcelona this season 
alexis has scored his 8th goal and neymar has given his 9th assist for barcelona this season 
we've got ourselves an assist machine here !!! 
it's pretty bad that i'm a huge fc barcelona fan and now i'm watching it on my ipad in the car and being antisocial with my family ....
barcelona b players dongou and adama are among the players warming up .
one more goal come on
barcelona never lost a game in la liga without messi for the past 5 years .
magnificent breakaway goal by barca . neymar is something else with assists 
barcelona with only 52% possession
fulham making swansea look like barcelona today ...
hardly any hbp ..... !!
alexis equals messi as barcelona players with most goals ( 8 ) in the liga this season [ via misterchip ]
i wanna be in barcelona now . like now .
alexis having killer season . 
be invited to barcelona for a weekend away in december . yeah yeah !!!
at camp nou watching barca live - barcelona space . messi missing in action though .
barcelona youngsters 💕💕
barcelona got the best passes
we're set for a dongou sighting in barcelona ! 
runningman vs barcelona =='' berebut remote
wow ! adama to come and make his official barcelona debut in la liga ! #28
youngster coming up for 
alexis equals messi as barcelona players with most goals ( 8 ) in the liga this season [ via misterchip ]
if is one thing any black man on barcelona side issa rellll bad black man
when you talk some negative about my barcelona ! i just talk to my hand !! hahahaha don't care !! 
im watching barcelona and they're playing like they dont need messi .
barcelona plays such night soccer
double fc barcelona substitution : song and sergi roberto replace busquets and alexis
" barcelona's ambition slightly outweighing their talent when it comes to back heels at the moment " :'((((
 
adama :d can't wait to see some minutes of him wooping granada hehe 
i can't talk to you , but i can't not talk to you , ean football is , barcelona have spent a lot of money ," 
awww the first time i saw dongou again since the first la liga match 
dang barcelona isn't playing that good
wtf o_+ ! barcelona be killin the shit out of granada ! 3-0 in favor of barcelona !
barcelona plays such nice soccer
barcelona is literally a factory of amazing young soccer talent . they got them coming out the woodwork
alexis is the new messi for barcelona ..
17 yr old player from barcelona will play now , so lucky , best of luck to him ! 
glory glory fc barcelona u can do anything in the field wit out messi and valdez
adama traore on for barcelona .
tell why i didn't wake up early to see the barcelona game 😒
the progress of marc bartra this season has been incredible . montoya has proved an able deputy to alves . big positives for barcelona .
neymar magic messi gat asaviour
adama making his debut for fc barcelona first team !
alexis !!!!! everyone who doubt him when he came to barça can shut dey mouth now ! 
adama makes his debut for barcelona ! congrats ! 
welcome to the field adama youngest player in barcelona
winger adama , 17 years old , makes his debut for barcelona's first team 
the history and evolution of stop-motion , scrm his son wants to go to united , but fcb want 2 convince him 2 stay
 3 points in the bag !!!
adama traore makes his official debut for barcelona and neymar comes off , 83 minutes gone 
watching the barcelona game in barcelona , it's freezing
adama 17 years subbed for neymar 
wow barcelona just subbed on a 17 year old from mali ....
adama traore ( 17 yrs old ) makes his debut for barcelona .. on for neymar .
adama traore 17 years old playing for barcelona .... and im just sitting here masturbating
" where are you going ? paris ? barcelona ? london ??"....." yemin " ohh chandler
17 year old making his barcelona debut . damn !
neymar out , traore in min 83 3-0 granada
barcelona introducing a new foward ...
a 17-year old making his debut for barcelona right now . what a moment to be 17 and come on at the nou camp .
cailah , timeline&ru rame barcelona . yawn .
adama making his debut with barcelona first team 
" winger adama , 17 years old , makes his debut for barcelona's first team "
adama traore !!! makes debut in first team fcb
winger adama , 17 years old , makes his debut for barcelona's first team 
adama is 17 and is making his debut for barcelona 
this kid is 17 yrs old and just had his first debut with barcelona 😳
17 year old just coming in for barcelona and i'm just laying in bed .
yeahhhh fcb dahhhh 3 goalll
min 83 : 17-year-old adama trouré replaces neymar ro make his first team debut for fc barcelona 
barcelona 3 - 0 granada . alexis make sure barcelona will be the winner today's match
adama traore . the new face of barcelona
alexis is playing well this season ! 
i'm against picketing , but i don't know how t 18 , barcelona 15 & arsenal 6 , manchester united : sir alex ferguson ,
winger adama , 17 years old , makes his debut for barcelona's first team 
adama traoré ( 17 years old)makes his barcelona debut coming in for neymar 
min 83 : 17-year-old adama trouré replaces neymar ro make his first team debut for fc barcelona !
alexis equals messi as barcelona players with most goals ( 8 ) in the liga this season 
adama traoré coming on for barcelona . one of the brightest stars in their youth ranks . 
this 17 year old just made a first team debut with barcelona and i'm just sitting here in bed .
who is admana ? making his debut for barcelona only 17 year old . 
barcelona or what
one day i'll live in spain , barcelona preferably , and eat , live , and breathe soccer .
i was chilling with the guy that just came on for neymar just now when i went barcelona , close family friend . my man is living lol
both my teams playing at the same time ! what a treat ! 
crazy too think how messi was a starter for barcelona at 17 years old ........
a man is measured by the size of things that anger him , ut any reply from barcelona ,, all german final
adama you beast , 17 and playing for barcelona
soula 17 and is a debutant for fc barcelona first team , wey i really doing with my life
adama ?? first time i see him .. 
adama , 17 , makes his first debut for barcelona's first team .
17 year old adama playing hes debut game for barcelona
adama traore with his first team debut for fc barcelona at 17 years old .
who is adama ? making his debut for barcelona only 17 year old . 
spanish born adama traore makes debut for barcelona . 17 year old chap . his dad is from mali
adama first debut for fc barcelona ! he's just one year older than me . he's playing for fcb , and i'm here studying for the bio test !
adama traoré ( 17 years old)makes his barcelona debut coming in for neymar
min 83 : 17-year-old adama trouré replaces neymar ro make his first team debut for fc barcelona 
wes fcb ™ haha
fcb subs : neymar out - a . traore in 
min 83 : 17-year-old adama trouré replaces neymar ro make his first team debut for fc barcelona 
wow . 17 year old and playing for barcelona . i think when i reach 17 year old , i am still studying . :(
min 83 : 17-year-old adama trouré replaces neymar ro make his first team debut for fc barcelona 
adama traoré , 17 years old , makes his debut for barcelona's first team .
adamaaaaaaaaa ! 
adama is only 17 years old and he's now making his debut with fc barcelona at the camp nou . just wow . 
adama traore is subbed on . i know very little of him ! what i do know though , is that this guy will one day be a great player !! 
wack ass foo for retweetin barcelona shit but props to the new guy
17 year old adama trouré replaces neymar to make his debut for barcelona in front of 75,000 people , and im sat on my xbox
arrived in barcelona airport . where is the pick up guys ? ;-)
this player that has just come on for barcelona is no way the same age as me !! 
welcome adama toure 
cba to watch barcelona because messi ain't there
min 83 : third sub barcelona > neymar out , adama in * makes his debut for barcelona's first team
goal barcelona ! and it’s sanchez who lifts it calmly over the advancing roberto from neymar’s neat pass in the 71 '. 3 granada 0
at 17 years and 10 months , adama traoré is the 8th youngest player to debut for barça in the liga . [ fcb ]
adama traore has made his debut with 17 years and 302 days . he is the 11th youngest barcelona player to debut with the club 
in my opinion the best coach for now is tata martino , he utilizes the youth team player for the barcelona team a .. <3 
a 17 yr old kid plays for barcelona 
anyone knows a nice vegetarian restaurant in barcelona ?
adama a 17 years old soccer player just made his debut for barcelona . he has school in the morning too lol . lucky guy
imagine being 17 & playing with fcb ? crazy
y is fcb vs bvb kicking off same time chelsea play westham ?
min 87 : at 17 years and 10 months , adama trouré is the eighth youngest player ever to play in an official match for fc barcelona 
barcelona winning due to 2 penalty . ummm not really digging that . - . -
barcelona always seems to unveil a young player or two quite often , where do they get ' em from though , 
alexis has scored his 8th goal and neymar has given his 9th assist for barcelona this season 
adama troure already showing his class 
min 83 : 17-year-old adama trouré replaces neymar ro make his first team debut for fc barcelona 
just saw goal , boruc u clown ! although he showed more skill than " barcelona " bound bendtner ! lol
emirates is soooo loud today ! reminds me of that barcelona night . top class atmosphere 
min 83 : 17-year-old adama trouré replaces neymar ro make his first team debut for fc barcelona çalive
min 83 : 17-year-old adama trouré replaces neymar to make his first team debut for fc barcelona 
new black guy in barcelona ! adama 😂
today adama did his first debut in fc barcelona
dat one player iwould love barcelona 2sign in psg izz lucas moura
 is playing well today 
ooooooooh that was brilliant play from adama . going to be amazing in a few years 
it started off well , me as barcelona , you as psg . i took an early 8th minute lead with a lionel messi finesse . nothing special .
nice shot adama !! wow !! 
that kid is 17 years old playing for barcelona
this barcelona boy adama has some skills 
welcome barcelona's number 28 , adama traore , to makes 1st debut for fc barcelona ! visca barca !
how can someone younger than me be playing for barcelona man :(
barcelona are just the best this season
adama is only 17 years old n he already playing with barcelona . lucky ass nigga
our new star adama 
barcelona has too much great young talent
aye , i'm liking that kid adama tiore or whatever his name is on barcelona . he's got some talent man .
alexis sanchez has scored 8 goals in 14 games in barcelona in the 2013-14 season 
and pedro seals the deal for barcelona , 4-0
# arsenal can beat barcelona #
4-0 to barcelona , pedro finishes off a clean passing move
new kid on the block almost got that shot ! 17
this kid's good 
this barcelona boy adama has some skills "
this dude is 17 years old and he just deputed as a professional with barcelona ... what the fuck
a 17 year old person plays for barcelona's first team , can someone get luckier ? 
fuck you barcelona
i love you barcelona 
fabregas assist pedro for barcelona's fourth goal .
go ! pedrito !!!! cesc with the assist barcelona lethal
goollll barcelona ( again )
alex song big move to barcelona was to become a glorified benchwarmer , but at least he has already some titles under him . 
min 87 : at 17 years and 10 months , adama trouré is the eighth youngest player ever to play in an official match for fc barcelona 
17 and almost scored on his debut for barcelona , i think he might be a future star player
really excited about bvb - fcb .
fc barcelona = football made easy
damn that guy is 17 making his first team debut in barcelona and i'm 17 not doing shit
im not a barcelona fan but damn 👏
barcelona has unveiled adama . he is 17 . and has future scoring god written all over him . 
this dude is 17 and already debuted in barcelona ..
89 barcelona goal pedro accepts a wide-open net from excellent cesc pass barcelona 4 granada 0
barcelona solid as a rock .
gooooaaall pedro now goals number 4 . and 4-0 now 
what had to happen happened : cesc assist , pedro goal , fc barcelona 4 - granada 0 , seems pretty fair to me 
barcelona for life yea
pedro kicks the fourth 
17 year old kid playing for barcelona . that's crazy . and he almost just embarrassed the other team
90 ' goallll counter attack again !!! goal pedrito assist cesc 4 - 0 granada 
ggggggoooooolllll ..... barcelona 4 vs 0 granada pedro r . ( 90 ' )
love watching barcelona kick ass with father ! 
barcelona the best team .
cesc assisted pedro for the 4th goal ! 
this adama trouré looks good for barcelona #17yrsold 
where them people at , who used to say barcelona depends on messi only .
adama tourè , 17 years old and playing for fc barcelona . what am i doing with my life .
barcelona is going off .
goaaall ! pedro scores after a cross from cesc ! barcelona fc 4-0 granada cf
barcelona 4-0 👌👍 
fc barcelona once again scoring from a counter-attack ! 
barcelona 4♥♥♥
4-0 good job 
pedro gets his 1st of the game and barcelona's 4th
i'm here !! 
adama traore became the 1st la masia to make his 1st debut under tata martino . 
adama has a bright future 
doesn't matter 4-0 to barcelona hahahahahaha
one for the road 
holy shit adama is only 17 and he's playing for barcelona right now 😳
4-0 pedro , we have played really well today considering all our injuries . 
min 87 : at 17 years and 10 months , adama trouré is the eighth youngest player ever to play in an official match for fc barcelona
4 goals by 4 players . well done barcelona
at a young age of 17 years and 10 months , adama traoré is the 8th youngest player to debut for barça in the liga . [ fcb ]
pedro scores his 7th barcelona goal of the season ( liga 7 ) cesc with his 9th barcelona assist of the season ( liga 8 , ucl 1) .
barcelona has no chill this season
cutting edge stuff from !!! its 4-0 :)
4-0 for barcelona - . - wtf
good job barcelona !
goaaal again from pedro !! 4-0 
barcelona is too good
fcb 4-0 granada ( iniesta , fabregas , alexis , pedro ) :d , another beautiful victory , 
aaaand 4th goal for barcelona scored by pedro !
tokyo , paris , barcelona , boston , melbourne , stockholm and houston were the hosts in the first seven years ,
nobody will ever understand how hype i get when barcelona scores
barcelona dominate soo much this season ! 
pedro ! what a beautiful play of a barça counter-attack ! ( yes . counter-attack ! ) 4-0 
pedro finally puts one into the goalpost !! 4-0 !! thank you !! 
fcb starting xi . pep means business !!
pedro scores the 4th goal for barcelona !!!!!
la liga teams are so bad besides barcelona real madrid and atletico madrid😂
dude adama #28 isn't even 17 & he plays for fcb
barcelona 4 vs 0 granada .. gooooooalll !!! pedro , what a counter from sergio roberto 
best team in the universe ...
goooooaaaal ! precision by barcelona . the move from sergi roberto , the accuracy of the cesc ' pass , and then pedro's calm finish . visca barca !
barcelona winning 4-0 even though messi , valdes , alves , alba , xavi , and others are injured .. too much talent
40 points barcelona is doing it big👏👏💕
bvb-fcb soon !!! cant wait
fcb 4-0 gra !! beep
pedro makes it 4-0 to barcelona .
gooll gooll gooll pedro ' 89 ' barcelona 4-0 granada
barcelona you win this year .................
at 17 years and 10 months , adama trouré is the eighth youngest player ever to play in an official match for fc barcelona .
i love barcelona ;) ( y )
pedro goal ! good job by roberto 
90 ' goal ! make it 4-0 against 10 men as scores .
fabulous skills from cesc and so unselfish of him !! 
neymar has given his 9th assist for barcelona this season .
the fact the barcelona is always unselfish when it comes to finishing the goal is perfect . that's why they're the best in the world
4-0 . i love barcelona 🙌
pedro goaaal !!! wow lovely assist from fabregas . great assist , superb finish . barcelona 4-0 granada , here .
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaal pedro . barcelona 4 granada 0 . 
90 ' pedro scores to make it barcelona 4 granada 0
adama ; a 17 year old winger makes his debut for barcelona senior team ... and i'm here stucked in spz :)
goallll again leading 4-0
barcelona is too good with or without their starters
the amount of goals barcelona has been scoring this season is staggering .
too much talent in this game .. thank you barca ! 
barcelona all the way
wonderful instigation from roberto , selfless pass from fàbregas and a simple enough finish for pedro . barcelona 4 - 0 granda .
amazing play . 4-0 barca 
barcelona players are sơ̴̴͡ selfless .... they work together and take the glory together ..... 
tomas rosicky is playing minutes before bvb-fcb game begins . ahey .
why do people even bother watching barcelona's league games anymore . dull .
speaking of adama traore , his father works as a mechanic in barcelona , his mom as a maid . he's going to change their fourtunes ...
granada grounded into 4 pieces by barcelona already . i've seen enough
this match thou !! :) nice way to start of my morning ! 4 - 0 !!! 
goal #4 wonderful assist from for 4-0 and one of best games of the season so far . 
barcelona still undefeated .
no lionel messi and are 4-0 up !
wow there's a 17 year old playing for barcelona right now . i'm 17 and i play for mebane . 
adama traoré just made his first game debut with barcelona at the age of 17 ....... wow that's insane .
barcelona 4-0 granada is the score !
goal barcelona !!! pedro adds a fourth for the hosts .
barcelona 4 
amazing barca of amazing martino . didn't even notice the absence of the 5 starters . vamos barcelona !
awesome team play by f . c . barcelona . 4-0
i won't even bother putting my money on any barcelona game . their winning odds will be like 0.08
goooollll again .. pedro ( y ) fc . barcelona 4 v 0 granada iniesta ' 20 fabregas ' 40 ( pen ) alexis ' 71 pedro ' 89 4
fabregas with one goal and an assist . 
no valdes . no messi . no problem . dominates again ... what a joy to watch .
at 17 years and 10 months , adama trouré is the eighth youngest player ever to play in an official match for fc barcelona 
the new kid from the barcelona b team is amazing
pedro finishes granada off with barcelona's fourth goal . 
barcelona is winning hyfr
no one can make me happy like barcelona ☹♥♥♥♥
i love watching barcelona play . 
barcelona keeps churning out youngsters in messi's like ... this black boy traore adama is another one ... where's is this boy from ? 
17 year old making his debut with the first barcelona team ... damn !
ea !!! 3point for barcelona !
yes that barcelona
full time : fc barcelona 4-0 granada fc 
 >>>>
at 17 years and 10 months , adama is the 8th youngest player ever to play in an official match for fc barcelona 
and barcelona win 4-0 .
barcelona isn't even trying and still winning 4-0 
fc barcelona playing good today ⚽️👌
4-0 and dats y its called barcelona fc not messi fc
barcelona 4 - 0 granada . vamos la liga ! barcelona is the best ! when will messi play ? i always wait for that to see his skill ^o^
4-0 ! barcelona takes the win ! 👌❤⚽
cleansheet for pinto and barcelona 
 ça goal ! goal ! goal ! goal ! goal ! pedro makes it 4-0 ! 
there's no way i'l be a loser tonight when my two teams are playing 
ft fcb - gre 4-0
this guy is exactly 17 yrs and 10 months and playing striker for barcelona ....
beautiful barcelona . 4-0
adama troure makes debut for fcb at age of 17 
min 90 : cesc could have shot himself but preferred to feed the ball to pedro at the far post . fc barcelona 4 granada 0 
barcelona going in for courtois is a huge possibility with cech in such top form , ill start to mindmap anoth
barcelona is doing pretty well without messi .
barcelona is a stunning team neveer forget that !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
the youngest soccer player from barcelona is pretty beast ⚽️👌
at the end of it all . barcelona reigns supreme 
there is a 17 year old " adama " on the pitch for barcelona .
barcelona winner by 4 goal .....
watching this barcelona vs granada soccer match with my nephew .
4-0 win for barcelona :p
4-0 wins barcelona and was expected
4-0 good luck barcelona
and pedro makes it 4-0 ..... live
full time barcelona four granada nel ....
yayyyy !!!! barcelona is winner !!! score fc barcelona 4 - 0 granada cf . . . thanks : *
barcelona just balling it .
barcelona better even without messi .
and it's done : fc barcelona 4 - granada 0 , barcelona will stay at the top of la liga , thank you very much 
4-0 for barcelona without messi is not a bad result💙💪
good win barcelona
yesss !!! menanggg 4-0 barcelona is amazing play to football
and barcelona takes the win 4-0 💙❤️
good game barcelona <3 other win baby 4 to 0 wass hannin (:
4-0 barcelona ! what a great game , even without messi and valdes . 
goal - pedro scores the fourth . at 90 ', fcb 1-0 gra
ft ' barcelona 4 - 0 granada . 3 point . unbeaten 19 official match . yeahhh . hahaha
another great win for barcelona 👏
boring game but great result , fcb 4-0 granada . roberto and adama got time , whoopee . and adama killed it .
min 87 : at 17 years and 10 months , adama trouré is the eighth youngest player ever to play in an official match for fc barcelona 
barcelona are going to run an unbeaten season by the special grace of the great grand architect of the universe !
barcelona 4 - 0 granada 
90 ' goooooal ! it's four ! barcelona lead 4-0 , and pedro wraps up the win in style !!
congratulations barcelona😻❤️💙
barcelona won 😊😏
good job barcelona !!!
wow tonite champions league football .... i cant wait to watch ac milan vs barcelona game .... should be entertaining game .
barcelona is nothing without messi they said . we just won 4 love they didnt say .
❤️💙 barcelona 💙❤️
min 90 : cesc could have shot himself but preferred to feed the ball to pedro at the far post . fc barcelona 4 granada 0 
4 - 0 lah wehhhh forever
spain ft barcelona 4 granada 0 later today : almeria v real madrid ( 2 pm) , atletico madrid v getafe ( 4 pm ) et
min 90 : cesc could have shot himself but preferred to feed the ball to pedro at the far post . fc barcelona 4 granada 0 çalive
want some diving lessons ? watch barcelona matches
full time : barcelona 4 ( iniesta , cesc , alexis , pedro ) - 0 granada . viscabarca .. sleep , good night world ;)
yupp nicee gamesss guys :-d barcelona fc 4 - 0 granada ;-)
full time . fcb 4-0 granada 
ft : 4-0 for barcelona . the match was amazing
barcelona fc going strong
sergi roberto is a good player , future of barcelona
thanks for tonight . barcelona 4-0 granada
fcb 4-0 gra . done , 3 points .
barcelona match ended with 4 goals ♥ ♡visca barca♡
yes barca !!! and then they said we can't perform without messi . 
i love you fc barcelona . mes que un girlfriend .
90′ - assist - cesc fàbregas ( barcelona ) 90′ - goal - pedro ( barcelona ) goooooal ! it's four ! barcelona lead 4-0
barcelona still unbeaten this season👏
good 3point again full time barcelona 4-0granada 
fulltime , good job barcelona*cheers *
walked nearly 20k today but def worth it barcelona is a beautiful if very expensive city
barcelona takes the win 4-0 ! 
glory for barcelona❤
ft : fc barcelona 4 - 0 granada cf ( pedro ' 20 ' 89 , fabregas ' 40 , alexis ' 71 ) ! mes que un club !
yaayyy !!! 4-0 for barcelona .
and the end barcelona is winner , 4-0 !!
raw2toni allah yrawi2kom♥ 
 the whole country is divided into two teams , barcelona or real madrid .
17-year-old adama trouré replaces neymar to make his first team debut for fc barcelona
never worth betting on barcelona , 1/8 
and they say barcelona is nothing without messi " smh
full-time at th camp nou : barcelona 4-0 granada . çaelbarça
 led by the impeccable showed on signs of its injury woes as they beat a rough 4-0 . well done
great way to start this saturday barcelona winning 👌💙❤️😎
goal - pedro scores the fourth . at 90 ', fcb 1-0 gra "
great game barcelona 4-0 goals by iniesta , fabregas , alexis , and pedro arca
4-0 !! good game ! !!!
this day is a good day , with barcelona win this day is perfect , barcelona 4-0 granada
barcelona with another win ... 4-0 against granada
tahniah barcelona ! yeahhhhh yeahhhhh
good job barcelona ❤️
haters said are a one man team apparently !
4-0 barcelona is the best
22 consecutive wins 
another one goal from pedro ... barcelona win 4-0
good win barcelona . barcelona fan por vida !
ft : barcelona 4-0 granada goals from ; cesc , pedro , sanchez , iniesta fcb still unbeaten after 14 games : ( w : 13 , d: 1 , l : 0 ) and 40 pts . 
" speaking of adama traore , his father works as a mechanic in barcelona , his mom as a maid . he's going to change their fourtunes ..." woah !!
ft - barcelona 4-0 granada . goals from iniesta , cesc , alexis and pedro . wonderful game at camp nou , with adama traore's debut the highlight .
just watched a barcelona match and helloooo marc bartra
fc barcelona . you are awesome . injured but intensified football . a treat to watch . 
and that's just how we do . three more points . kjo eshte barcelona ime pa messin :p <33333
good game barcelona ( y )
what i love about barcelona ... they make most of their stars
oke finally !!!! barcelona vs granada 4-0 ilove you !!! <3
no messi , no problem . fc barcelona beats granada fc , 4-0
ft fc barcelona 4 vs granada 0 . messi who ?
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 13-10 , on target 8-3 , offsides 2-4 , corners 3-7 , fouls 19-17 , possession 60-40 [ via fcb ]
barcelona still undefeated ❤ killed today 4-0 😘👌⚽ 
barcelona 4-0 granada ft . the hosts were just too good going forward , with only piti and brahimi offering anything to challenge them .
i love barcelona
barcelona win 4-0
dan berakhir 4:0 . yeahh thats good job barcelona !! ♥
good win my sideeeeeee ! 4-0
barcelona 4-0 granada . thanks for the show . entertaining .
fc barcelona 4-0 granada cf . another victory for us ! 
good fuck from fcb to gra !
fc barcelona has now their 11th clean sheet of the season ( liga+all other competitions ) with the 4-0 win over granada . 
once again , barcelona is victorious ! 4-0 ⚽️
min 90 : goal ! goal ! goal ! pedro makes it 4-0 ! 
22 games and still undefeated 
haha . finally . ;) 
just missed the game today , good win & adama's 1st team debut too . happy with that ! 
no messi ? no problem -4 goals ! no valdes ? no problem -clean sheet ! let's go 
it's over , another 3 points for barcelona ! goals were scored by iniesta , fabregas , alexis and pedro . barcelona 4-0 granada . 
barcelona is playing so bad and they are still undefeated
succes * beer * + fc barcelona 4 vs 0 granada #3point
jose , we will always love u , but we are playing west ham , not barcelona . why are we playing ramires right wing when we have willian and mata
barcelona has so much young talent , dont need to buy anyone
whatever still hate barcelona !
and they said barcelona can't perform without messi . 😒 
adama traore is only 17 years old ! 
ft : barcelona againts granada 4-0 what a match ! well done guys ! 
congratulation , barcelona !
its time up fcbarcelona 4-0 granada thanks a goal from iniesta , fabregas , alexis and pedro
barcelona wins 4-0
i love barcelona so much
good fuck from barcelona to granada !
great win for barcelona . everyone contributed today and that's a great result . 4-0 
min 92 : final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( pen) , cesc ( pen) , alexis and pedro 
without messi we still destroy teams 
yep i predicted correctly barcelona 4-0 granada 😎
barcelona have beaten granada , won 4-0 , goals from andreas iniesta , cesc fabregas , alexis sanchez and pedro , keeps barcelona top of la liga
congratulations barcelona❤️💙❤️💙 .
barcelona's record in their last 22 liga games at camp nou : wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 22w , 0d , 0l . goals : 78-17 .
congratulation barcelona without leo messi
versatile shit by barcelona ...
barcelona takes the win .
supporting barcelona is one effective way of avoiding stress
iniesta first ever penalty for barcelona
barcelona played an excellent game ! 4-0 ! no messi no problem ! barça for the win 👏 ✊ 💜 💛
one love : fc barcelona ❤️💙
so barcelona kick off was identical to that of arsenal so wenger couldn't watch adama , right ? rfef is saving spain .
barcelona the best simple as that ⚽️🇪🇸
spectacular performance from barca another clean sheet . we didn't have messi , valdes , alba and xavi yet we won so emphatically . visca fcb
andddd doneee congrats barcelona 4-0 we proud of you neymar , pedro , pique , iniesta , fabregas and friends xoxo
good games barca 4-0 . gnight ;;) {}
barcelona 4 - 0 without messi
ft : 4 granada 0 . clean sheet for pinto , 3 points in the bag 
barcelona with the commanding 4-0 victory today
4 goals for the good from barca :) my two teams could remain top of their respective leauges 
congratulations barcelona💃❤️
barcelona takes the win ! 4-0 ⚽❤👍
that was a good way to end the game 💙❤💛 
life as we know it ~ gano el barcelona !!
i missed the barcelona game 😦
well done barcelona !!!!!!!: ))))
and they said barcelona is nothing without messi😆
4-0 . brilliant game by barcelona .
ft : barcelona 4 - 0 granada we got 3 point yeah ~ 
barcelona takes it 4-0
good luck barcelona
end of game fcb 4-0 gra . congratulation barcelona ! 
but barca just bring so much joy to my heart #4 -0 
i told you barca had this . aye ! 4-0
ft : barcelona 4-0 granada . brilliant half , good game overall . sweet goals , happy for adama and sergi roberto for getting some minutes .
min 90 : cesc could have shot himself but preferred to feed the ball to pedro at the far post . fc barcelona 4 granada 0 
barcelona wins with goals from iniesta , fabregas , sanchez , and pedro . nothing but net . 
4 goals with no messi .. sure its no messi 
barcelona won 4-0
stand up applause to barcelona 
alright so barcelona wins 4-0 without messi ! 
goal ! goal ! goal ! barcelona 4-0 granada .
barcelona doing kinda well without leo messi . they may aswell sell him . any takers ?
viscabarca ! *beer * ft : barcelona 4 - 0 granada*beer *
even without messi barcelona still on top 
its a bad day until plays ♥♥♥ 
and like always its fc barcelona
barcelona have not lost any of the last 18 matches they played without messi throughout the past five seasons ( 16 wins , 2 draws ) 
23 - this is the barcelona’s 23rd consecutive home league win – their best run since the 39 recorded between 1958 and 1960 . history
congratulation for barcelona fc ; *♥ gnight .
so barcelona paid 50million for neymar to get assists ... nice one tho , atleast arsenal dd d same with ozil ...
next match : barcelona x ajax amsterdam 
fc barcelona vs granada 4-0 ! thanks god <3
full time at nou camp !! fabregas should be the man of the match . he has been terrific all day . barcelona 4-0 granada , here .
difference is he plays for barcelona and i play for norcross but this is still a sign from the gods 
ft : barcelona 4-0 granada ! \m/ congratulation barcelona . you certainly my best of the best from other club ! *beer *
full time : fc barcelona 4-0 granada cf | great match tonight ! 😁 pinto was wicked , iniesta showed of his skills and also adama's debut -> 👍
2 penalties 2 goals , well done barcelona 
solid performance from ! 4-0 !
and that's the match ! fcb 4-0 granada .. adama with a great debut ! iniesta , cesc , sancez and pedro with the goals ... another great win♥
congratsss barcelona ( y)*beer * nite☃
" te team didn't so well . it seemed we were useless for barcelona "
congratulation barcelona !!!!!!! one direction
another win for in the spanish league , beating by 4 goals .
great performance by barcelona in the absence of messi xavi dani alves victor valdes and jordi alba ( 4-0 ) against granadafc
missed the match of barcelona vs granada . 4-0 sia fuck .
final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta , cesc , alexis and pedro congrats ❤️
well done the undefeated team
full time ! very good game ! 4-0 !! clean sheet - very important ! ;) 
interestingly , barcelona is raping another team
barcelona have posted a convincing 4-0 win over granada with sanchez and pedro netting the two in second half 
good game good win good 3 points 
good match 
good job barcelona ;)
4-0 🙌 .. barcelona wins 👌
fcb yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!
last year , barcelona had just 7 clean sheets at the 23 . november , just got 11 at the beginning of 2013 ( v espanyol 4-0 ) 
ft : fc barcelona 4-0 granada cf . another victory for us ! 
congrats to the most amazing team ever !! proud to be a fan of you♥ !!!
full-time : barcelona-granada 4-0 . iniesta 20 ( pen ) cesc ( 40 pen ) alexis ( 71 ) pedro ( 90 ) " what a winn !! 
i want to say its ' amazing ' 4-0 without 10
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 13-10 , on target 8-3 , offsides 2-4 , corners 3-7 , fouls 19-17 , possession 60-40 [ via fcb ]
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 13-10 , on target 8-3 , offsides 2-4 , corners 3-7 , fouls 19-17 , possession 60-40 [ via fcb ]
barcelona wz awesome today well done fcb performing wdout our love . messi
it's over ! barcelona vs granada 4-0 iniesta , cesc , alexis , and pedro . neymar and pinto brilliant . the la masia youngsters showing their class
barcelona were messi-less against granada as they routed them 4-0 .
ooooh kill em 
barcelona is the best
very comfortable for barcelona . good to see alexis continue his recent renaissance - he's definitely blossoming under martino .
 always the best ! ♥
min 90 : goal ! goal ! goal ! pedro makes it 4-0 ! final whistle at the camp nou ! beat granada 4-0
barcelona unbeaten this season ..... champions team
barcelona the dream team
barcelona with the win !
min 92 : final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( pen) , cesc ( pen) , alexis and pedro 
good barcelona the winner 4-0 yeah :d
min 92 : final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( pen) , cesc ( pen) , alexis and pedro "
do we really need mikel , lampard , ramires , in midfield ? replace one with mata . it's only west ham not barcelona
fulltime ! with out messi vs granada 4-0 haha
i wanna scream loud i love fcb !!
ft : fcb 4-0 gra ( goals from iniesta 20 ' and cesc 40 ' ( penalty ) alexis 71 ' pedro 90 ' ) hope you will be the best ! gbu ! !
i love my team . i love fc barcelona so much . they play the best football in the world and have the greatest football philosophy♡ 
barcelona hasn't lost a game yet in the primera division ! on their way to another title . 
 vs granada 4-0 thanks for perfect goals from iniesta , fabregas , alexis , pedro . your guys so amazing today ! : **
that's fc barcelona's fourth win in a row , and they now have an amazing 42 points out of a posible 42 ! 
i doubt messi is going to leave barcelona
wtf adam troare ? this nigga is 17 yrs old nd he plays for barcelona ! lucky 
still waiting for barcelona to lose a match this league season
full-time : barcelona-granada 4-0
started my day watching some beautiful barcelona football ...
ft : barcelona vs granada 4-0 , thanks to goals from iniesta , fabregas , alexis , and pedro .. :)
fc barcelona 4-0 granada ;d the wanted
ft : fc barcelona 4-0 granada cf ⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️
barcelona's record in their last 22 liga games at camp nou : wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 22w , 0d , 0l . goals : 78-17 .
" full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 13-10 , on target 8-3 , offsides 2-4 , corners 3-7 , fouls 19-17 , possession 60-40 "
this is barcelona’s 23rd consecutive home league win , mtheir best run since the 39 recorded between 1958 and 1960 .
barca owned that game , well done . 
barcelona is still unbeaten in 14 games this season ! the have 13 wins and only 1 draw against osasuna in pamplona !
barcelona won 😏👌
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 13-10 , on target 8-3 , offsides 2-4 , corners 3-7 , fouls 19-17 , possession 60-40 [ via fcb ] "
me : " where is my food ?" mom : " same place your barcelona is " me : " oh so on top of the table then ?" if you know what i mean ;)
barcelona is great , they don't have all of their usual squad and still win games !
okay 4-0 for barcelona . congratulations guys * beers *
fc barcelona 13 wins 1draw 
vamos fcb without 7 olayers and we win the game now i can go train let the haters hate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
adama traoré only 17 and playing in fc barcelona already damn nigga livening every young soccer player dream 😦
this is barcelona’s 23rd consecutive home league win , their best run since the 39 recorded between 1958 and 1960 .
" wanyama scored a goal against barcelona " - so what ? so did bendtner ...
barcelona wins 4-0 over granada . another good game before 9am .
barcelona 4-0 40
barcelona u r seriously a pathetic team .
great win barcelona did it without messi and also god a clean sheet !
do i catch up on doctor who and watch live ? or do i watch vs 
good job fcb
good game barcelona 4-0
fcb has a talent in adama ... brolliant footballer
full time : fc barcelona 4-0 granada cf | great match tonight ! 😁 pinto was wicked and iniesta's skills were magical , also happy with adama👍
it's safe to say that barcelona are not a one-man team . still unbeaten in the league . .
final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( p) , cesc ( p) , alexis and pedro çalive ça
barcelona brutal over transition today . take away xavi/messi you get this ; quick , decisive and overall less ponderous . different dimension .
barcelona 4 granada 0 . without messi , valdes , xavi , alves , alba . 40 points out of 42 for the debutant martino .
barcelona won .
4-0 final game happy barcelona won ^ . ^
a good result from fabregas cs , fcb - granada : 4 - 0 * beer *
fc barcelona have won their last 22 league games at the camp nou !! no , no draws even . all wins !!! 
great win for barcelona !! still unbeaten .. forçabarça !!! 💙❤️
statistik barcelona-granada : shots 13-10 , on target 8-3 , offsides 2-4 , corners 3-7 , fouls 19-17 , possession 60-40 [ fcb ]
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 13-10 , on target 8-3 , offsides 2-4 , corners 3-7 , fouls 19-17 , possession 60-40 [ via fcb ]
barcelona 4 woah !
iniesta , fabregas , alexis and pedro were all on target as romped to a 4-0 home win against granada at the camp nou 
lol my brother well happy rn eno ! barcelona killed the match ! :)
another 3 points , <3
yet another game .. yet another win :) <3 fcb 4evaaa
goal ! pedro makes it 4-0 ! cesc could have shot himself but preferred to feed the ball to pedro at the far post . fc barcelona 4 granada 0
`final result : barcelona 4 - 0 granada . still saying no penalty no party ? * go kill your self !!! :d çabarça
14gamed 40points . this is barcelona bitches
barcelona forward lionel messi has admitted that he is honoured each and every time a different club is linked with a bid for his services .
barcelona has some good looking players . then just some straight fugly ones .
another win for barcelona undefeated
ft . barcelona 4-0 granada clack buum
up barcelona !!
half an injured sqaud + injured star player & goalkeeper = four goals and a clean sheet . welcome to fc barcelona ;)
well done barcelona , well done .
barcelona 4-0 hell yeah
alexis has scored his 8th goal and neymar has given his 9th assist for barcelona this season
full time : barcelona 4 - 0 granada * wine *
just saw my friend's debut in fc barcelona's first team !! so proud!:')
adama traore you beauty ! awesome to see him playing in the 1st team . 
barcelona win !!
i've done a 180 from the start of the year and now hope barcelona don't sign another center back ... bartra has more than earned his place
bvb vs fcb for me when i get in . live on bt sport !
that's fc barcelona's fourth win in a row , and they now have an amazing 42 points out of a posible
ft fcb 4-0 granada 3points clean sheet :)
mbroook alfooz ♥♥
barcelona is just messi you said ? * lol * just die haters
barcelona's record in their last 22 liga games at camp nou : wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 22w , 0d , 0l . goals : 78-17 .
that's fc barcelona's fourth win in a row , and they now have an amazing 42 points out of a posible 42 ! 
kudos to barcelona for that thumping ...... class is permanent .
not saying drop them ( ! ) , it's just a huge positive for barcelona and highlights how martino's approach has integrated into team system .
barcelona without messi is still raw
supossably messi is leaving barcelona in june .
4-0 barcelona happy
we love you fc barcelona ♥ we love you fc barcelona ♥ we love you fc barcelona ♥ we love you we love you fc barcelona ♥
yeah hate newcastle i had 2-0 ! i got the fulham swansea score correct and the barcelona granada !
so why it's called barcelona , not messi fc .
i don't know why barcelona fans are surprised on how well tara martino is doing he always been a great coach everywhere he went
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 13-10 , on target 8-3 , offsides 2-4 , corners 3-7 , fouls 19-17 , possession 60-40 [ fcb ]
pinto did well ! some good saves i read 
barcelona just won't arsenal bout to win , liverpool won this morning ... chelsea play in 30 and real madrid at 2
missed barcelona's match :(
barcelona's record in their last 22 liga games at camp nou : 22w , 0d , 0l . goals : 78-17
adama traore's father works as a mechanic in barcelona , his mum , as a maid 
that's fc barcelona's fourth win in a row , and they now have an amazing 42 points out of a posible 42 ! 
fc barcelona's record in their last 22 la liga games at camp nou : wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 22w , 0d , 0l . goals : 78-17 . 
barcelona is a beast if a team
congratulations to guys , despite injury treat , you guys still make us proud . cheers !! 
2502 goals home for !
i dare you to say this isn't the best team of all time , all time 
 barcelona's doctor who xd
i'm very satisfied with tata's work at barcelona , solid performances and defending , revived alexis and got cesc right .
3 points , clean sheet , superb football 
can this match start already 
another win ♥
full time : barcelona 4-0 granada ! what a controlled match :)
min 92 : final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( pen) , cesc ( pen) , alexis and pedro 
the complete stats from fc barcelona's 4-0 win over granada at the camp nou
thanks god bvb vs fcb isn’t the same time as real madrid game , because i don’t want to miss it
great win ! i'm telling you right now ? adama is going to be the best in the future♡ he's the future of fc barcelona ! great job adama 
barcelona win liverpool draw ... thats it for tonight hahah baek pny guyzzz !!!
58% possession against granada with 10 men . headline for tomorrow : barcelona crisis !
barcelona tomorrow !
even without messi , alves , xavi , mascherano , puyol and alba , is still winning matches by a 4-0 margin ... 
yeah , that's fc barcelona's fourth win in a row . and they now have an amazing 42 points out of a posible 42 . : 3
min 92 : final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( pen) , cesc ( pen) , alexis and pedro 
not exactly the words i'm used to hearing when people talk about barcelona . 
defending so deep against southampton is not really how we should be playing ! they are not barcelona ffs !
“ min 92 : final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( pen) , cesc ( pen) , alexis and pedro ”
what a skill from adama troure , it's nice to see new talent of barcelona starts his debut .
min 92 : final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( pen) , cesc ( pen) , alexis and pedro "
fcb - granada ft 4 - 0 . good job .
still on top of the table ! 
barcelona like beast still undefeated even without messi : 3
yeahhhh go barcelona 3-0
rtbarcastat : barcelona's record in their last 22 liga games at camp nou : wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 22w , 0d , 0l . goals : 78-17 ."
17 year old played for barcelona today . 
a sensational heavy dose ... at all time from king :d
amazing game barcelona 4 - 0 granada
17 year old makes debut in barcelona ...
all these favorites and retweets i get from fellow barcelona fans >>>>
barcelona did well without valdés , alves , alba , xavi , messi , ect . i knew the team was more than strong enough to get over this ' crisis '.
full time : fc barcelona 4-0 granada , 3 points ! still on the top standings . çabarça
alexis sanchez equals messi as barcelona players with most goals ( 8 ) in the liga this season .
 lovers all over the world .
barcelona have won their 13rd liga game ( from 14 ) this season . the team have 40 points ( from 42) . 
final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( pen) , cesc ( pen) , alexis and pedro ça ♥
can't wait !!! 
this is what a little bit of barcelona's fairy dust does to you . 
full time : barcelona 4-0 granada . this is 13th win for out of 14(1 draw) . top of the table with 40 points . 
two late goals there . ben's big accumulator part one ( 3pm kick-offs ): celtic 3-1 aberdeen . barcelona 4-0 granada . game on .
barcelona are unbeaten in their last 26 liga games : 23w - 3d - 0l . goals : 74-18 [ club record : 30 ]
if barcelona doesn't drop points before winter break la liga is over .
31 days till i leave for barcelona :)
very comfortable for barcelona . good to see alexis continue his recent renaissance - he's definitely blossoming under martino .
barcelona have won their 13rd liga game ( from 14 ) this season . the team have 40 points ( from 42) . 
the fact that a kid my age is playing for barcelona right now .... why do i even play ? lol
full-time stats barcelona-granada : shots 13-10 , on target 8-3 , offsides 2-4 , corners 3-7 , fouls 19-17 , possession 60-40 
can't believe i'm missing both the barcelona - granada and bayern munich - borussia dortmund game 😒
well barcelona reach 40 points and concede zero goals . still the strongest attack and strongest defense in la liga .
fcbarcelona have won their 13rd liga game ( from 14 ) this season . the team have 40 points ( from 42) . ça ♥
barcelona already scoring . 👌
barcelona are unbeaten in their last 25 games in all official competitions : 21w - 4d - 0l . goals : 66-16 [ club record : 28 ]
fc barcelona with a great win
why does every fucking team on fifa pass like barcelona , so annoying !!
min 92 : final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( pen) , cesc ( pen) , alexis and pedro 
fcb is still unbeaten in this season !!
finally 4-0 for barcelona !
final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( pen) , cesc ( pen) , alexis and pedro "
fc barcelona rules , others follow
min 92 : final whistle at the camp nou ! fc barcelona beat granada 4-0 with goals from iniesta ( pen) , cesc ( pen) , alexis and pedro 
barcelona still strong without messi 
4-0 going on 
with all you " die hard " barca fans and none of y'all watch this mornings barcelona game . i'm disgusted !
played 14 : win 13 , draw 1 , loss 0 , 40pionts . when you see such stats you know its fc barcelona . 
barcelona putting in work w/o messi
barca still undefeated in all competitions 
there was a 17 year old playing for barcelona
shocker that fc barcelona destroyed grenada . 
 4 - 0 . offered the golden foot to the camp nou .
and fcb does wat they do best ... 4 wins in a row . 42 point ontop of the table .
got a feeling d luiz will be in a barcelona kit come january .
fcbarcelona 4 granada 0 you'ollz . 
the players slept three nights on a plane and that is not good . barcelona had the injury to ( victor ) valdes and we didn't have one ......
