olivia munn is at the spurs vs newcastle game today . now there's something to watch
on time for tottenham v newcastle united 
really hope newcastle win against the spuds today
my stepdads screaming lores isn't playing so tottenham will loose now hahaha
apparently spurs lost 4-1 at home to newcastle in march 2008 . i have literally no memory if this game .
newcastle on sky ?
premier league classic matches : tottenham 3-5 man utd
tottenham hotspur v newcastle united starts shortly . dedicated hashtag : 
newcastle only won one game away when conceding first in the league under pardew . slowed down .
newcastle , please destroy spurs .
well done spurs/newcastle fans ... impeccable min silence
come on newcastle !
sweet revenge for spurs : if newcastle had tried a little hard last seasons final game we would be playing champions league this season 
come on newcastle , smash these cunts .
nice sunny day in newcastle , my good lady wife will be hard at it .
howay newcastle !! ⚽
so now tottenham want javier hernandez ? no fucking way . 
well fancy a tottenham/city/united treble .
come on newcastle , do us a favour !!!! fucking northerners , have to rely on them !
is anyone actually english in this newcastle squad ?
soccer time . newcastle vs spurs
newcastle to win today
newcastle do us a favour .
 tottenham hotspurs vs newcastle united
hope newcastle wins today
spurs & newcastle fans - that was brilliant
come on newcastle !
if tottenham lose i'm gonna go bed and wake up on tuesday
comeon newcastle !
c'mon newcastle ! howay the lads !
one is settling down ready to watch tottenham hotspur versus newcastle united whilst feasting on a delightful piece of battenberg
 tottenham hotspurs vs newcastle united 
5 pts under spurs newcastle evs
1/3 televised football minutes silences complete , very well respected by spurs & newcastle
's last four visits to white hart lane have all ended in defeat , with scoring 10 goals to newcastle's one .
going for a draw , 1-1 and tottenham penalty
come on newcastle
hoping for a newcastle win which obviously is unlikely or maybe a draw .
come on newcastle ! beat spurs ! 
liss watching spurs v newcastle , perfect
do i get out of bed to watch tottenham ? they only ever have one goal in them yawnnn 
 matchday v 5:30 pm starsports4 v 7:30 pm starsports4 & hd 1 v 9:30 pm starsports4 & hd1
newcastle playing in there buff third kit - looking like brazil
great silence at spurs vs newcastle not a single noise 
a soldier has laid a wreath of poppies on the pitch at tottenham , and then a minutes silence .
newcastle will get something here , spurs are really boring
come on newcastle !!
me and the boy watching the mighty spurs .... common tottenham
come on newcastle !
come on newcastle .
well done spurs and newcastle fans .
 : coming up at 3pm : spurs vs new castle . but , spurs have scored only 9 goals out of 10 matches dis season . my newcastle will hit dem .
come on newcastle !
hope newcastle pump tottenham today !
i reckon spurs v newcastle draw then city and united to win 😏
wonder which newcastle shows up today .
newcastle win would be tasty !
come on newcastle ! 
settling in to watch my side tottenham hot spurs play at home to newcastle . go spurs .
come on tottenham , man city and arsenal !
newcastle v spurs about to kick off c'mon newcastle !!
newcastle are a disgrace , 2 english players out of 18 players ?!?
wetin tottenham dey plat
absolutely brilliant minutes silence at spurs . spurs and newcastle fans should be very proud .
but today's match day opener should not go unnoticed ; spurs v newcastle
nw : tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united
a wah kinda jersey dis newcastle a wear ? lool
come on newcastle !
come on newcastle 
i love newcastle . let's have a fucking go
going for 3 correct bets in a row on the love games £10-100 over 1.5 goals first half tottenham - newcastle @ 2.50
common newcastle !!
come on newcastle lets get into this scum !! 
newcastle have allowed 43% of shots against them from prime zone and spurs take just 25% of shots from prime zone ( both league worst) . clash
come on tottenham
newcastle kit look clean
is that newcastle or brazil ?... ;)
haha , for a moment there the newcastle boys blended in with the sunny pitch 
spurs - newcastle 
feeling a cheeky bet but do i bet against newcastle ... or tottenham ?
spurs - newcastle
6 - newcastle have won six away games at white hart lane in the premier league , they have only won more at villa park ( 8) . hunting .
newcastle is wearing their third kit , oh
come on newcastle !
come on newcastle !!!!!!
newcastle hoping to play like brazil today then ?!
nothing beats spurs loosing , come on newcastle !!!!!!
premier league head to heads v newcastle : p38 , w15 , l17 , d6 . we've only lost 1 in the past 7 against out guests today .
come on newcastle
come on newcastle .. 3rd kit is cool .. dont giv a clean sheet plz sp*rs .. 
hoping tottenham lose this one .
newcastle look like they borrowed juve's away kit
newcastle appears to be dressed in the yellow and blue of the invincibles . that will scare spurs .
come on newcastle !!
spurs v newcastle 
newcastle kicking from left to right in their usual yellow and blue strip 
come on tottenham !
come on newcastle !!!
downside of daylight savings time : up at 6:30 am for tottenham-newcastle . 
please newcastle , their easier to beat than chelsea . do your ting
newcastle win would be nice . 
common newcastle beat these tossers
back in the day when spurs vs newcastle was a mid table clash ..
come on newcastle !
watching ! tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united 

come on tottenham !
tottenham vs newcastle now
impeccably observed silence at white hart lane ahead of spurs ' game with newcastle united .
new kit and that i like 👏👏👏 newcastle looking sexy
newcastle away fans are always unreal
let's go tottenham !
newcastle with their 3rd kits .
tottenham doing a huddle ? as if there wasnt enough reasons to hate they cunts .
come on newcastle , do us a favour ! 
great minutes silence by the spurs and newcastle fans and players !
newcastle kit looks very similar to brazils ... it certainly will not be like watching brazil !
com'on newcastle
come on newcastle
1st stop , hope newcastle can defeat tottenham !!
it's so moving to see 30,000 + football fans stood in total silence . well done spurs and newcastle fans .
immaculately observed , and we're ready to go . tottenham will kick-off and united are wearing their new yellow third kit 
hope newcastle absolutely destroy spuds today
come on newcastle !!!
newcastle in yellow ?
spurs 1 - 0 newcastle . soldado penalty .
tottenham vs brazil . shola playing the neymar role
kick off from white hart lane : tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united . 
we've got a full day of footie today starting wiv tottenham v newcastle kicking off now on sky sports 1 . betting in play available .
either a few spurs or newcastle fans shouting during the minutes silence pricks
come on newcastle ! 
tottenham to win 3-1my prediction
tottenham won the toss and gave newcastle the sun first half 
spurs vs newcastle
spurs v newcastle , this should be a good game
come on newcastle !
come on newcastle !
been to moor then went into newcastle with my dad . hardly anyone doing the minute silence . total disgrace . lest we forget ! rory xx
quiet please .. tottenham fc are playing .
c'mon newcastle do us a favour . despise spurs .
come on tottenham ! 
 tottenham vs newcastle
 spurs vs newcastle
come on newcastle !!
watching spurs v newcastle and my nan asks if it's rugby 😂
spurs v newcastle . let super sunday commence .
goooo newcastle !!!
 spurs vs newcastle
love newcastle's away kit , class !
missing the newcastle game for work again ... 
anyways , tottenham v newcastle , my day starts here 👌
wearing a brazil-esque kit so you lose the french image ... really newcastle ?
tottenham vs newcastle starting in 2 minutes . come on down and have an ale
newcastle vs tottenham !! ima go with spurs
come on newcastle ! 
haway newcastle !!
come on newcastle
 the next actor joel kinnamon is a tottenham hotspurs fan 
totty v newcastle first of 3matches
want to go to wba v newcastle but not sure how to get there
come on newcastle !
kick off tottenham hotspur v newcastle united 
come on newcastle
i think will have a real go today
pls newcastle plsssss
 - kick off babak i dari white hart lane ... 1 '. spurs 0-0 newcastle
new castle must beat or draw with tottenham hotspur
only cure for yesterday's dismal chelsea performance is to hope for a manu and newcastle win . i can sleep in peace after that 
come on newcastle !
 tottenham v . newcastle 
couldn't even bring myself to chew during spurs/newcastle minute silence , nearly choked by the end of the minute .
rola a bola ! tottenham x newcastle . come on you spurs ! 
kick off - spurs v newcastle
tottenham eh have nutting
tottenham game has kicked off , i really want newcastle to take it all the way and win .
tottenham hotspur vs . newcastle united / spurs have the opportunity to go temporarily third , nu can go ninth . / prediction : 3-1 spurs / 
sports today : tottenham , man city , man utd & barcelona . nfl games : detroit lions @ chicago bears & carolina panthers @ san francisco 49ers
come on tottenham ! 
when you watch how we do you realise we could never have moved to stratford . 
come on newcastle !!!
come on newcastle !
come on newcastle !
excited about singing in newcastle city hall today . o_o
some idiots always ruin it . don't care if its our fans or newcastle kick thenm out and ban them . disgusting to disrespect today
come on newcastle ! 
come on newcastle get into that tottenham dirt !! 
come on newcastle
prepare futsal with tottenham hotspurs jersey .
that's an ..... interesting away kit newcastle are sporting .
let's go tottenham
sorry but come on newcastle
tottenham , city and northampton to win and we can afford the new cod , the struggle is real
time to watch newcastle unite against tottenham !!!
with a minute's silence impeccably observed & we're underway , spurs v newcastle is underway , we'll have updates , predictions ?
come on newcastle ! follow up last weeks performance 
inicio en white hart : tottenham 0-0 newcastle . 
who do you newcastle think they are , brazil ?!
newcastle united with a brazil look , hope we play like em
come on newcastle !
come on newcastle !
spurs v newcastle , man city v sunderland , man u v arsenal , bears v lions , broncos v chargers , cowgirls v saints . i'm so hard right now
strange newcastle colour combo lol
tottenham vs newcastle kicks off ! 
newcastle swapped ends so the sunlight is in their keepers eyes ? eh .
spurs newcastle
newcastle kit . wow why
i think it's the immediate explosion of noise after the whistle . well done , spurs/newcastle fans .
didn't even know gomes was still at tottenham 
been to the remembrance service . now for spurs v newcastle . 
tottenham win pleaaaase
fucking newcastle in a brazil kit 
 - spurs vs newcastle ~
partidazo en white hart lane . tottenham - newcastle . 
why the fuck are newcastle wearing our away kit ?
come on newcastle !!!!!
come on newcastle !!
come on newcastle !!!!
come on newcastle ! 
still can't get over newcastle sacking me on fm after winning the capital one cup in my first year and the fa cup in the second ! 2014
how do i make " tottenham hotspur fc vs . newcastle united fc " even better ? i viggle it ! tv loves you back with 
dear newcastle , pls no fall my hands . anything less than 1point is unacceptable
 tottenham vs newcastle
very , very odd away kit for newcastle . i like it . 
newcastle look like brazil lets hope we play like them 
 kick off ! tottenham vs newcastle
 tothennam x newcastle
good be ugly today for newcastle ! just my opinion
c'mon newcastle !!!
love newcastle's kit , look like brazil , that's as close as we'll get though ahah
come on newcastle
the one time i'm awake for an early tottenham match and i'm stuck in an airport ...
kick off spurs vs newcastle .
why are newcastle wearing brazil colours ..??
howay newcastle !!!!! 3 points please ya little beauties ⚽️❤️
come on brasil .... oh wait , i mean newcastle . 
 newcastle giving a debut to their 3rd kit
spurs v newcastle is about to get underway !
come on newcastle
watching tottenham vs newcastle
he we go tottenham .
eh am i watching newcastle or brazil ?
newcastle oyee
gutted can't watch all three of these games . watch first half of tottenham newcastle then get home for man u arsenal
come on newcastle
come on newcastle
 tottenham - newcastle
if spurs are to have any chance of winning the title then they should be beating newcastle comfortably at home ! they got a poor defence !
newcastle in the brazil kit . lets hope they play like them ! 
come on newcastle !
we love newcastle we do we love newcastle we do we love newcastle we do oh newcastle we love you
tottenham are shite don't no how there so high
and its underway come on newcastle
kick off from whl .. tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united 
if tottenham and man city win 2day we'll b 6th till after d international break serves us right 
game 1 of spurs vs newcastle
newcastle don't look right in yellow
city tottenham and united treble today 
no i don't like the newcastle yellow kit
newcastle in the yellow and blue wonga kit .
gonna miss the tottenham v newcastle game grrr , i am such a lad
epl match ... tottenham hotspur v newcastle 
come on newcastle
sky commentators are useless . " avb has an uneasy relationship with the fans ." bollocks , they love the guy . 
come on newcastle !
why are newcastle wearing yellow 
freidel's in goal . tottenham are going to get bummed .
spurs 0-0 newcastle my prediction
newcastle in yellow and blue ?
tottenham v newcastle at white hart lane . this should be a very entertaining match . 
come on tottenham !
spurs v newcastle 
newcastle think their brasil !
at the lane and gonna witness newcastle getting crushed . 
jregarde totenham newcastle en 3d ca sert a rien mais bon
tottenham 0-0 newcastle - come on u spurs
i'm liking newcastle's kit !
newcastle's away kit ....
spurs v newcastle ( 12pm) , sunderland v man city ( 2pm ) & man united v arsenal ( 4pm ) - plus , the quick quiz & fifa 14 competition are tonight !
c'mon newcastle do arsenal a favour
howaay 
super sunday part 1 . cmon newcastle
newcastle with a midfield three , with one striker surely tracking back ? surely we'll see abit of midfield dominance 5 against 3/4 
since when did newcastle become brazil ? 
newcastle thinkin there brazil
first game of the day spurs vs newcastle 
are we watching newcastle or brazil here ?..
andre townsend want to score for tottenham against newcastle to me only time will tell if you ask me .
come on tottenham
newcastle in the brazil kit .
c'monnnn newcastle ⚫⚪⚫⚪
come on newcastle !!
wah , tottenham vs newcastle nih di bein sport 3 . kickoff !
love how newcastle are playing in a brazil kit . if that doesn't work , nothing will .
yeah newcastle you're not brazil , stop pretending .
my predictions spurs 3-1 newcastle sunderland 2-1 city united 3-3 arsenal
where not brazil were newcastle !
 spurs vs newcastle
start ! at white hart line , spurs vs newcastle .
impressive 1 minute silence at the start of tottenham newcastle . 
come on newcastle !
newcastle borrowing our away kit or something ?
" who's tottenham playing brazil ?" no names 😩😂😩😂 woman
ha ha newcastle think they are brazil 
 appear to have turned up at white hart lane in 's away kit . yellow shirts , blue shorts , lots of frenchmen - textbook .
wtf newcastle's kit looks like arsenal's
howayyy newcastle !: d
not sure if newcastle or brazil
kick off tottenham v . newcastle ! 
newcastle and their fake sweden kit
come on newcastle
tottenham vs newcastle n last motogp this year
 29.09 . 01 ft : tottenham hotspur 3 - 5 manchester united 
come on newcastle !!
is that newcastle or brazil ?
newcastle/brazil not sure
newcastle baby come on
when did newcastle get a brazil kit ?
the game is underway between tottenham & newcastle who will come on top in the first half ? 1 
13 of 's 14 league goals this season have been scored by frenchmen . an englishman has not scored any of their 33 pl goals in 2013 .
since when did newcastle start wearing a brazil kit ??
newcastle trying their best to look like brazil in their away strip . you have to laugh at the geordies !
newcastle in yellow is just odd .
newcastle/brazil go on the lads .
lol newcastle think they're brazil ..
tottenham - newcastle commence
with the family watching tottenham vs newcastle
here's newcastle in their brazil kit ...
completely football day- goals on sunday , 1st half of newcastle , match for pirelli , 2nd half of city then watch arsenal destroy united :)))
are spurs playing brazil or newcastle ?
think i wanna get the newcastle united away kit . . .
come on newcastle
come on newcastle !!!!
does the newcastle away kit deliberately look like the brazil kit or what ?
newcastle sporting a brazil kit ?! let's hope that's where the similarities end today . 
 tottenham - newcastle
are tottenham playing brazil
newcastle tryna be brazil in this kit
do newcastle think there brazil
now watch : tottenham vs newcastle
newcastle channeling their inner brazil with this kit .
newcastle better play tikkatakka football in that strip !! that is the most famous kit colour ... 
why are newcastle wearing a brazil kit ? 
spurs v newcastle 👌
brad friedel ( 42-176 ) becomes the 4th oldest player in era and the oldest player outside great britain/ireland . 
come on newcastle
this spurs vs newcastle game shld be interesting ..
spurs been looking very good , especially at the back so far but newcastle really are jekyll and hyde , think they might just surprise a few
thought spurs were playing newcastle , not brazil ! 
kick-off ! tottenham hotspur vs . newcastle united 0-0 
just found a bar to watch the newcastle match , i think they're playing that shitty team near arsenal
spurs vs newcastle
kick off tottenham vs newcastle 
 totthenam - newcastle
newcastle look like brazil !!
recovery day watching tottenham move above chelsea in the league . 
newcastle yellow strip is horrible
newcastle aka brazil ! 
 tottenham vs newcastle united
i thought i was watching brazil vs tottenham for a moment there .. lol
i like tottenham but my god they're boring to watch
yeah come on newcastle
 abj . tottenham 11 friedel ; walker , vertonghen , dawson , chiriches ; paulinho , dembele , eriksen , sigurdsson , townsend , soldado
newcastle's kit today . i like .
first sunday off and sky sports decides to reward me with some class games on the telly ! buzzing ! come on newcastle ! 
come on newcastle !
that newcastle kit is fresh ! 
so here we go another 90 minutes of pain watching spurs v newcastle ! please for once try and be attacking !!
tottenham vs newcastle live from whitehart lane in london "
come on newcastle !
newcastle trying to come like brazil .
to dare is to do ..... # tottenham
newcastle united away kit yellow 
ok tottenham newcastle united starting now
watching the tottenham game and my grandparents appear on tv😅
coys !!! 
predictions : spurs 2 newcastle 0 sunderland 0 man city 3 man utd 1 arsenal 2 & being a ever optomistic potter swansea 0 stoke 1
howay newcastle !
play well today tottenham
coming up : v live at 5:30 pm on starsports4 in hindi & english 
i thought spurs were playing newcastle , not brazil ?
newcastle went to copy brazil with this away kit but wimped out with the socks .
newcastle get one win over chelsea and start thinking they're brazil 
today's itinerary : spurs v newcastle - roast lamb - sunderland v man city - afternoon nap - united v arsenal - nfl red zone 
come on newcastle , if they win manchester city benefit .
newcastle what is this kit .
goodluck newcastle ! !
come on tottenham
love how the newcastle kits looking like brazils hahahaha
lool tottenham vs france 
newcastle in yellow jersey
lol why are newcastle stealing our swag ?
its tottenham v brazil hahaha 
why are newcastle wearing our away kit ?
hope newcastle play like brazil now they are wearing the same strip
here we go , then ! tottenham against newcastle is just a couple of minutes away .
 totenham hotspur vs newcastle
this alternative newcastle kit e maswe !
come on newcastle .
newcastle playing in brazil colours !! surely a piss take !
spurs v newcastle . 
make this interesting newcastle .
newcastle away kit looking like our away kit /:
tottenham vs newcastle
come on newcastle !!!
epl now 8 pm . totthenham hotspur vs newcastle united .
common newcastle !!
newcastle or brazil ?....
come on newcastle !
newcastle couldn't plan an away kit for the event of the home team wearing white , so they're wearing what should be southampton's away kit .
" why are tottenham playing brazil " loool i can't deal 😂😂
£5 on newcastle , sunderland and arsenal
wow . watching the everton & tottenham game live and they had a minute of silence for remembrance day . the whole stadium was silent 
did we let newcastle borrow our kit ???
a draw between tottenham and newcastle would be good .
newcastle beat chelsea and wears a brazilian kit the very next match
newcastle vs spurs . please stop tweefin n listen to john champion .
friends of newcastle o/ “
how did newcastle end up with a brazil kit ? hope paulinho doesn't pass to them
2mins- lots of sunlight in the direction of the newcastle goal . could cause problems for krul . 
newcastle will win 2-1
newcastle look like brazil
we ness newcastle to win .
c'mon newcastle
newcastle's kit reminds me of brazil's , therefore they will win
newcastle win here !
newcastle arsenal double both teams to score as well in both games
do newcastle think they're brazil ?
newcastle best absolutely destroy spurs man
newcastle looking like brazil this afternoon . let's hope they can play like them ... 
come on newcastle . put in the same performance as you did against chelsea in the 2nd half . 
love newcastle's stip . reminds me of the blue brazil days
tottenham vs newcastle or england vs brazil ?
lumping a few on newcastle , fancy the geordies today !
at least now i can watch tottenham
30atdeark ramsey and giroud : 11 goals . tottenham hotspur : 9 goals ."
come on you newcastle !
fancy a newcastle win tbh
newcastle have some front playing in a brazil-style kit .
newcastle playing in a brazil kit 😏
hopefully newcastle and sunderland can do united a favour . 
come on newcastle do us a favour , you geordie cunts
spurs 1-1 newcastle , sunderland 1-2 man city , man u 1-3 arsenal 
watching super sunday football looks like tottenham are playing brazil with newcastle in that kit 
i'm up watching tottenham at 4 am everyone . deal with it .
tottenham 2-1 newcastle sunderland 0-4 city united 2-1 arsenal . either way we will be united in remembering the fallen 
newcastle's kit looks disgusting
good luck newcastle united !
tottenham vs . newcastle 
we've by far the biggest store , london has ever seen and it's tottenham sainsburys tottenham sainsburys fc
kick off : spurs vs newcastle
newcastle have chosen an interesting tactic here ; wearing arsenal's away kit in hope of installing fear into the tottenham players .
 spurs 2-1 newcastle sunderland 0-3 man city swansea 1-0 stoke man utd 2-1 arsenal 
newcastle have a brazil outfit .. samba style
why yes !!!! i am awake at 7am to watch spurs whoop up on newcastle ! 
genoa score to make it 1-0 to against hellas as we kick off in london , tottenham-newcastle
showing today in liar bar , barclays premier league game tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united & sunderland vs manchester city
newcastle sporting the brazil kit today , shame they play more like andorra
come on tottenham you sexy mo fo's!!
newcastle in the brazil strip
newcastle have obviously got this kit because they wanna look like brazil
super sunday begins ... ... starting wth spurs vs newcastle
townsend to score first & tottenham 3-2 .
 tottenham-newcastle .
newcastle sporting the arsenal .
hey newcastle , that brazil kit is fooling nobody !
newcastle have a lot to explain to their fans of they don't play like brazil today
let's do it tottenham !!! 2-0 win 
come on newcastle !!! beat the scums !!!
the only thing brazilian about newcastle is the wags waxing choice . 
okay , why the fuck do newcastle look like brazil !?
 comienza el 
predictions . spurs 1 newcastle 2 , sunderland 0 city 3 , manchester united 1 , arsenal 1 , swansea 1 stoke 1 ( no home wins ? )
 hatrick starting with tottenham vs newcastle ! newcastle to win 
tottenham have got a passing rythm here
tottenham v newcastle , man city v sunderland , man utd v arsenal . in a row ! 👍 
nothing is working out tonight for me to watch tottenham .. 
think spuds will tan newcastle today , they're shite
come on newcastle
sunday £££ maker ... start with over 2.5 goals at spurs vs newcastle .
come on newcastle !
 tottenham vs newcastle
newcastle's away kit is just a rip off version of brazils kit ...
staying up late to watch newcastle , just hope they don't play shit 
going for a spurs win against newcastle
lol newcastle are gassed playing in brazil colours
when did newcastle decide to play in brazils kit ?
no team should be allowed to have a yellow shirt/ blue short/ white sock combo as an away kit . you aren't brazil you're newcastle .
come on newcastle
tottenham hotspurs vs newcastle united . 
come on newcastle
dad supports spurs and i support newcastle hmm
newcastle wearing yellow away . likely figuring spurs will think they're arsenal and fold up their tent !
got a feel newcastle can nick this .
nw spurs vs newcastle ♥
unlucky tottenham
 || comienza en white hart lane el tottenham - newcastle .
 tottenham - newcastle
someone/anyone come to newcastle today pls ?
let's get plaaaaying newcastle :d 
come on tottenham ! big win today to get in involved this title race 
not sure if its newcastle away kit or arsenal
why are newcastle dressed as brazil ?
tidying my room whilst watching the newcastle match 
on skysports from early guna watch tottenham get it
that newcastle away kit hurts my eyes 😩
come on ! 
breaking news . hotspur v newcastle united
quite like the yellow newcastle top like
newcastle in fancy dress as brazil 
come on newcastle
spurs v newcastle
i can't even lie i like tottenham
well done tottenham and newcastle fans . very respectful #11 /11
tottenham x newcastle
newcastle subs : elliot , coloccini , anita , obertan , sammy ameobi , ben arfa , cisse ."
why are newcastle wearing a brazil kit sponsored by wonga ?
tottenham vs new castle 
if tottenham and man city win 2day we'll b 6th till after d international break serves us right 
congratulations newcastle on the worse away kit of the season
come on newcastle
newcastle stole our away kit
pergh perghh spurs lawan newcastle . game bast nie .
is spurs playing newcastle or brazil ?
 spurs vs newcastle !!
love the football tottenham play
newcastle : already look very open . spurs could finally be allowed to look expressive and good again .
should i take a nap or watch the game ? i think i'll take a nap and laugh at them when i wake up .
put £10 on newcastle to win
is it just me or have newcastle tried to copy our away kit lol
come on newcastle
how many kits do newcastle need , like ?
come on newcastle !
newcastle are giving spurs way to much space
completely forgot about spurs v nufc lol let me get changed and watch this , come on newcastle dpmo ...
the newcastle yellow kit is filth
townsend show newcastle the levels please
i'd rather newcastle were playing in skins . disgusting strip
tottenham playing arsenal look-alikes ?? lolwut !! we already know who's winning ! 
come on 
this tottenham side may have strength in numbers but the quality isn't enough . compared to bale , modric , vdv in the past . going for 2-2 .
watching tottenham vs brazil in the early kick-off . 
why do newcastle have a brazil like kit ? 
tottenham off to a flyer with their first attack already happened . moved the ball well , but the low cross is held by krul . 
yay 90 minutes worth of my house full of hooligans ??! ???
come on tottenham ! i have a feeling i might be depressed later so make me happy now !!
id hate to be a tottenham fan , so boring to watch😂
newcastle are going to be hanging on for 90 minutes ffs
c'mon newcastle !
why are newcastle wearing a brazil kit ? 
newcastle's away kit looks familiar
is this newcastle ? :o amazing passing .
come on newcastle !
wtf man newcastle tryin to copy our away kit :/
newcastle basically wearing arsenals away kit lol ..
newcastle don't suit playing in yellow
2 ' ) tottenham hotspur [ 0 - 0 ] newcastle united < england - premier league >
newcastle united's away jersey tho ... 👌
newcastle have stolen our kit .
come on tottenham👌
spurs v newcastle ! 
the sun is too bright in the newcastle half ... can't even see
i'm no tottenham fan but why they don't play defoe is a joke , one of the best goal scorers around
since when did tottenham play good football ?
what's with the brazil tops newcastle are wearing ? did they win them in a raffle or something ? 
it's just like watching brasil ... but newcastle ... who play nothing like brasil ...
newcastle can dress like brazil till the end of time , never going to play like them ! 
something makes me think that even with their kit , watching newcastle won't be like watching brazil
watching : /newcastle
 abj . newcastle 11 . krul ; debuchy , williamson , yanga-mbiwa , santon ; sissoko , tiote ( c) , cabaye , gouffran ; shola ameobi , remy
i'm hoping newcastle gonna turn spurs into a kfc chicken !
my breakfast is ready , let me start with spurs v newcastle 🙇 
come on newcastle !
 tottenham playing ?? 
tottenham game underway
newcastle's side are where the sun shines to . easy for spurs to attack
got a feeling , newcastle can nick this .
newcastle kitted out like brazil - illusions of grandeur ?
spurs vs magpies .. go go newcastle
tottenham out here just passing u to death .
 spurs vs newcastle
let's go newcastle
th vs newc or as the 5 year old says " is it thunder hunger vs newcastle "
newcastle yellow top blue shorts . great away kit hah
newcastle playing in brazil colours
today's football spurs v newcastle k.o 12pm sunderland v man city k.o 2.10 followed by man untd v arsenal super sundays
only good but about going to newcastle is the burger king 👌
can the tottenham team just click already . so many dope players in that squad .
come on newcastle 
newcastle did it vs chelsea . you can do it vs spurs ! come on magpies !
if you're the newcastle kit designer , surely tottenham are right at the top of the list of contingencies for which you are planning .
haway newcastle
it looks like england v brazil out there with newcastle's samba style kit 
i didn't bring home alone to newcastle so now i'm upset
so my bro let me come to his to use his sky sports watching tottenham newcastle then mufc v arsenal bring it👏
tottenham v newcastle , sunderland v city , united v arsenal , denver @ san diego . quite a day ahead .
did newcastle forget their kit and go buy a cheap brazil one from sports direct ?
allez newcastle
game officially started . come on tottenham !!
so spurs won't have a better opposition than newcastle to try to improve their crazy shooting numbers
newcastle choose to be facing the sun ? 
watching tottenham v newcastle and having dinner then heading off to old trafford for the game ! :d 
newcastle's away kit :/ sponsor ruins it
tottenham vs new castle
newcastle to win this 3-2 .....
 have kept seven clean sheets in ten matches this season .
tottenham vs brazil #2pl
triple header , spurs v newcastle , city v sunderland and united v arsenal sound day of football👌
come on newcastle
not sure if newcastle or brazil
going on recent form i want to see spurs get battered theyre boring as ! newcastle should go at them i tell ya
newcastle's kit is minging
doesn't the tottenham goalie look like phil of eastenders hahahaha
are newcastle playing in brazil's kit ..? looks ridiculous considering most of their players are useless .. 
is that newcastle's european strip for the competition we aren't in ? 
mate newcastle stole our away kit
newcastle must think there brazil the fucking cunts lol
that's our tottenham how we know them ! 
krul better keep a clean sheet for today
gorgeous newcastle kit .
 totteham vs newcastle 
what a honking kit newcastle have got on ! 🙈😷
come on newcastle !
why the fuck do newcastle appear to be wearing the brazil kit ?
abeg wetin be this newcastle jersey ?
tottenham start knock ball alreadyyy !
well wishes to newcastle . 
newcastle in a brazil like yellow shirt and blue shorts 😜 dream on .
urgh wtf is newcastle's away kit =|
today is the first and probably only day the terms " newcastle united " and " brazil " will be mentioned in the same sentence . 
looks like tottenham v brazil
newcastle are dressed as brazil . let's hope they can play as good as they look .
do newcastle think they're brazil with that kit : s
super sunday hat-trick ! come on newcastle , sunderland and arsenal !
watching the spurs vs newcastle game . c'mon siggurdson and remy !
why have newcastle come as brazil ?? 
who do newcastle think they are ? 
come in newcastle
looks like arsenal playing spurs away lool change you're kit newcastle
i do love you tottenham hotspur . 
newcastle win , sunderland win and arsenal win will make me so happy
a smooth counter attack that was from tottenham , just couldn't finish it off with a goal .!! 
come on newcastle 
who do newcastle think they are wearing a brazil kit
it's just like watching brazil . 
looks like brazil are playing tottenham 
30atdeark tottenham spent £108m and have scored 9 pl goals . arsenal spent £ 42.5 m and have scored 22 pl goals ."
today , newcastle shall be victorious !
do newcastle think they're brazil with this yellow blue and green kit combo ?!
so hope newcastle can pull it the bag today
why did newcastle swap ends to look straight into the sun ...?
did newcastle borrow the brazilian national kit for today ?
this newcastle kit is beautiful
best sunday of my life : spurs vs newcastle , sunderland vs man city , arsenal vs united and then nandos 👌
come on newcastle
if tottenham wants chicharito , tbh , it'd cost them paulinho/eriksen + cash !! 
why are newcastle wearing the goons away kit ?
should be goals in this game 
newcastle in yellow ! yak !
 totthenam - newcastle
is that newcastle united or brazil playing against spurs ?
newcastle's kit is awful .
 hopefully tottenham kill it
benches tottenham hirschfeld , kelly , redknapp , dalmat , postiga newcastle harper , elliott , hugo viana , ambrose , ameobi 
newcastle kit is ganj👌
why are newcastle wearing brazils kit ?
spurs vs newcastle . line up spurs padu .
get your spurs vs newcastle bets in quick !!!
kick off tottenham vs newcastle
newcastle kit looks like brazil
0 ' inizia tottenham-newcastle . friedel titolare al posto di lloris negli spurs . 
wait why isnt lloris starting ? does tottenham not like clean sheets ? why ???!!!
 xi vs newcastle united - friedel ; walker , dawson , chiriches , vertonghen ; paulinho , dembele ; townsend , sigurdsson , eriksen ; soldado
spurs have lost 1 or their last 7 pl games against newcastle .
brilliant liverpool yesterday now we a newcastle win & a arsenal win plus a sunderland win to tip a super weekend for the merseyside club !!
spurs are looking sharp today , newcastle could get fucked here .
expecting tottenham to break their 1-0 habit and smash the toon .
tottenham pen 87th min , £5 on
right , come on newcastle !!!
dad always buy me tottenham themed birthday presents 🙈
come on newcastle
newcastle are in fact wearing their brazil ( third/alternative ) kit .... looks lovely ! /dave
c'mon newcastle !
 it's just like watching brazil .
anyone know why brazil are on sky sports 1 ...?! when do newcastle play ? 
kick off babak i dari white hart lane ... 1 '. spurs 0-0 newcastle
don't think if you same kit as brazil you'll play like them 
a newcastle , sunderland , arsenal triple would be the perfect birthday present 
newcastle in a brazil kit hmmm ???? ??
come on newcastle 
come on newcastle !! 
looks more like tottenham v norwich !! 
newcastle's away kit is frightening me
newcastle's third kit makes us look like brazil 
arsenal 11 today is playing not only united but city , chelsea , liverpool and even neighbours tottenham . una papa all of una 
spurs - newcastle for the first game of the day then 😊⚽️
newcastle may look like brazil , but im betting they won't play like them ! totvsnew
if newcastle , sunderland and arsenal all win today i'm going to be running around bev town swinging my willy about for the rest of the week
coup d'envoi de tottenham - newcastle . 
do newcastle think they are brazil ? blue shorts and bright yellow top ?
tottenham why are you lot still a team your shit lol
super sunday today spurs vs newcastle sunderland vs man city & man u vs arsenal that's my sunday sorted watching football 😃⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️
this is the first time i've seen the newcastle united away kit . we're dressed like minions ! i'm buying the full kit .
lewis is pretending he likes football and watching the newcastle game . erse
watching spurs vs newcastle 
why am i hearing people say they think newcastle will get a result today ?! if spurs only win by 2 itll be a minor miracle 
tottenham vs new castle
newcastle kit looks well tacky
newcastle think their brazil init
coys ! that newcastle away kit is awful !!!!
come on newcastle
come on newcastle !! 
spurs-newcastle , sunderland-city , utd-arsenal , villareal-atletico , juventus-napoli and betis-barca . don't mind if i do !
newcastle look like brazil lol
newcastle all the way 
hopefully newcastle , sunderland and man utd win today ! 
 hotspurs : rumours spurs are to make gbp 12.5 m move for malaga midfielder sergi darder & gbp15m raid on so'ton for luke shaw in jan
this kit just doesn't look like a newcastle one , keep thinking its stoke and ricardo fuller is up front
newcastle look like brazil in this kit ... hopefully we can play like it 
newcastle playing with a high defensive line too ... this could be interesting ! coys !!
why are newcastle playing in the brazil kit ?
not liking newcastle's away shirt at all 
fuck tottenham , city and arsenal . come on united .
is newcastle the new brazil
come on you whites !! 
looks like we're playing brazil today . since when do newcastle play in yellow and blue ? 
newcastle just needa bang tottenham
have newcastle come dressed up like arsenal to gain a psychological advantage 
newcastle . city . arsenal will all win
newcastle , you may wear the same colours as brazil but you ain't got shit on ' em ..
newcastle only turn up for the big games ! so basically not today .
newcastle's third kit = arsenal's away kit ????
think we can get at this newcastle defence today
tottenham vs newcastle now : 3
i am currently unable to deal with whatever that is that newcastle are wearing ...
 are brazil today . 
footie sundays ! tottenham v . new castle
since when have newcastle ever played in yellow ? 
come on newcastle
newcastle kit looks better in real life than it does on fifa
are newcastle trying to make us think they're brazil ? 
newcastle have a brazil like kit , just doesn't go
brad friedel is in the starting for spurs in this match vs . newcastle . 42 years old , oldest player ever to play in the . 
friends of newcastle !
come on newcastle ! 10
newcastle already look crap . they're gonna get battered
newcastle's away kit looks like a fake away kit of ours .
bubbly atmosphere . newcastle in replica brazil kits . looks like they've been found in a sports direct bargain bucket .
newcastle wearing the tynemouth united kit , nice to see there support for smaller teams
come on newcastle ! 
newcastle hoping that their arsenal inspired away kit will provide results . if you can't beat them , join them ?.
yes big uncle shola making an appearance for newcastle today .
tragic kit on display from newcastle . 
come on newcastle .
why are newcastle playing in an arsenal away kit circa 2005 ?
tottenham 2-1newcastle 
 tottenham looking good today but i think remy will come out on top .
newcastle wearing a brazil kit 😂😂😂😂
chilled day watching newcastle with the father ✌️✌️
and here goes ! kicks off ! come on newcastle ! 
newcastle please do the ting👍
wish tottenham matches on tele weren't filmed from outside the stadium 
newcastle look like mamelodi sundowns
newcastle think there brazil in that kit ?
hope totenham beats the crap out of newcastle ... 
come on newcastle ⚽️👊
tottenham start off this afternoon brightly against newcastle .. 
x de orng nak update match tottenham vs newcastle ke ?? match bez kot
if the newcastle fans sing " it's just like watching brazil " they won't be lying !
newcastle looking a bit like brazil here , their kit that is !
 spurs vrs newcastle
brad friedel is in the starting for spurs in this match vs . newcastle . 42 years old , oldest player ever to play in the . 
newcastle in their arsenal strip
allez tottenham ! 
tottenham vs newcastle 
wait a sec . i thought we were playing newcastle today , not brazil .
weird seeing newcastle attacking the park lane in the first half .
why are newcastle playing in yellow ??
did some one screw up the washing of the newcastle kits ? why the hell is it yellow ???? stupid alternative kit
time to watch spurs mug off newcastle
newcastle please make my day
the only good thing about alan smith commentating on the spurs/ newcastle match is that he won't be able to ruin the utd/arsenal match
am i seeing 8 french players in the newcastle in their team 😁
come on spurs , i can't stand newcastle !
newcastle look like brazil in this kit , let's see how well they play 
nw : newcastle vs tottenham
come on newcastle !
newcastle dressing up like arsenal in the hope of playing good football . probably joe kinnears idea
tottenham are defiantly dominating this game so far
are playing brazil or what ? 
come on newcastle ! 
go newcastle !!! ( and the sun is shining in london )
newcastle uniform…feeling bad . yellow…(´д` ) 
i think they'll be a red card in this game . and i reckon it'll be a newcastle player .
tottenham - newcastle 
newcastle playing in the brazil kit
just put spurs on and thought they were playing brazil ! then after seeing a few touches i realised it was just newcastle in yellow ! 
6 - newcastle have won six away games at white hart lane in the premier league , they have only won more at villa park ( 8) . hunting . 
nailed on for newcastle to get something from white hart lane
newcastle is a 50/50 team when they turn up its a problem
come on newcastle !!!
tottenham are so fluid
tottenham playing brazil aye nb
today's a day for teams in yellow . come on ! 
can someone tell me why newcastle are wearing yellow
bang on midday i get my beer 🍺 come on newcastle !
since when newcastle got yellow jersey ? :o
 spurs vs newcastle
the newcastle away kit really looks like a brazil kit
newcastle in yellow 
newcastle . it's just like watching brazil .
hope newcastle smash spurs ere , should of started ben arfa tho .
when newcastle score i hope their fans sing ' just like watching brazil ' what is with that kit ?
 tottenham vs newcastle
what are newcastle wearing ? hurting my eyes
newcastle step up !
why are newcastle dressed like brazil ?!
newcastle are sponsored by wonga jfc
hope spurs smash newcastle !!!
newcastle look like brazil wearing that kit !
ha ha funniest thing ive seen newcastle in the brazil strip lol
wagwarrn with newcastle in a samba strip ?
newcastle makes me sick .
wan newcastle win/ draw
away side kicking towards the away end in the first half here . always unsettles me , that . newcastle's brazil kit isn't helping either .
pretty like the newcastle away shirt !
why did newcastle turn spurs round - leaving krul looking into the sun ?
 now come on newcastle !!
 comeon newcastle !!!
6 - newcastle have won six away games at white hart lane in the premier league , they have only won more at villa park ( 8) . hunting .
tottenham v newcastle or tottenham v arsenal . extra motivation for the spurs in my opinion 
my meticulous calculations suggest that spurs and newcastle will draw and united will win at ot . again i hope i’m wrong about the latter
hope newcastle beat tottenham today and even though a draw would be best for us i hope arsenal smash the mancs today
have tottenham played any top teams yet ?
tottenham , man city and arsenal 
just turned the tottenham v newcastle match on and for a seconed i thought " why are spurs playing against brazil " 
 hotspurs : spurs explain decision to rest concussion victim hugo lloris v newcastle on sunday is " in the player's best interest ."
fair play that newcastle kit is rather nice ! come on you toons
newcastle's 3rd kit looks like they've yt'ed all over themselves 
since when newcastle players have yellow shirts ?! 😳
watching tottenham vs newcastle on the computer at ingot tower
c'mon newcastle !!!
this is a bit of a treat ; tottenham are at home to brazil !
i'm a big newcastle fan two weeks in a row . 
newcastle playing in the brazil strip : make your own conclusions on that one ... 
" i suppose we should have a word about newcastle as well ."
i'm up at 6 . tottenham better win . 
come on newcastle
watching soccer : spurs vs newcastle
spurs v newcastle live now !!
newcastle finna surprise spurs
my lord that newcastle jersey is beautiful
 spurs vs newcastle
since when have newcastle had a yellow kit ?! mustn't want to play in their red away one then 
let's go tottenham !
can't explain my love for yellow this season , love this newcastle away jersey
i'd love to see tottenham drop points in this fixture
newcastle dressed like arsenal away 
so 1st game of our four fold starts . spurs newcastle btts- no ! need this one to be cagey ! 😃
 newcastle goal keeper has the sun in his eyes 🌞🙈🙏
wanna watch the spurs and newcastle game :/ but chemistry :/
a french team from newcastle playing in a brazil kit . this is madness .
is townsend gonna be a problem for newcastle today . 
so funny watching wiz walk out with soldado at tottenham . great feeling 😄 x
question : why didn't newcastle wear this away kit at sunderland ?
the sun on this newcastle half of the field their keeper go soon chop goal ... o certain !!!
tottenham throw
all other matches are irrelevant today tottenham fans please fall back !!
anyone know what channel newcastle vs tottenham is on today ?
every time tottenham plays if looks like it will be a draw
newcastle & arsenal's away jersey .
 - kick off babak i dari white hart lane ... 1 '. spurs 0-0 newcastle "..
come on newcastle !
come on newcastle more of the same please !!!
didn't realise newcastle and tottenham where on tv ! 
shola ameobi has bin a sideman @ newcastle for over 10yrs 😄 .. i reckon gaffer picks a team n he says " gaffer other striker is better than me "
wake the fuck up newcastle . spurs all over them
the sunshine does not help with that kit for newcastle
newcastle are wearing brazil's kit :p
eurgh newcastle's kit is horrible
newcastle do it for me today again
why have newcastle borrowed the brazil kit
tottenham vs newcastle .. aka rest of the world vs france
why have newcastle come as brazil
did newcastle borrow the arsenal away jersey's today ?
newcastle actually chose to play into the sun
newcastle man city arsenal stoke and wigan to win
wan newcastle win
since when did newcastle have a yellow and blue kit ?!
newcastle or brazil ?
last thing wanted is a team dressed like . 
sunday mornings with the . right now ' spurs v . newcastle and in a few hours man u v . arsenal ! . 
newcastle looking like a throw back to the supermac john tudor stewart barraclough days in the yellow and blu e away kit ! 
come on newcastle you do this pile of shit
wow . watching the tottenham & newcastle game and they had a minute of silence for remembrance day . the whole stadium was silent . 
brazil have one of the most iconic kits ever ... newcastle fucking newcastle united have copied it ... fml ! 
newcastle look soo odd in yellow n blue . they are not brazil !
newcastle won the toss and decided to swap ends so the keeper is staring into the sun 
score predication spurs v newcastle 2-1 sunderland v man city 0-4 united v arsenal 3-2 swansea v stoke 3-0
come on newcastle win today !! 
 - kick off babak i dari white hart lane ... 1 '. spurs 0-0 newcastle
watching tottenham vs . brazil ... i mean newcastle 
weird seeing newcastle in yellow !?! going on like brazil !
come on newcastle
prediction - spurs 2-1 newcastle 
newcastle united playing in their ryanair/brazil kit
newcastle's kit looking like brazil's
take a bow tiote let's change ends and have the sun in kruls eyes 
reckon newcastle are gonna get hammered , opening 5 not filling me with any confidence in them getting a result
newcastle look gassy lol
spurs v newcastle observations : 1 . defoe should be playing instead of soldado . 2 . newcastle's away kit is tragic .
didn't know newcastle had a yellow away kit
come on brazil . oops newcastle
watching spurs vs newcastle
update : 5 ' tottenham 0 - 0 newcastle .
we are underway at white hart lane for tottenham's fixture against newcastle
 spurs v newcastle
tottenham free-kick
lol ... why is newcastle playing in " brazil " colour's hey .... very strange choice indeed !
could do with a newcastle win here 
like newcastle's away kit . i get the thinking behind this . " if we dress like brazil , maybe we can play like brazil ." sure that'll work .
i reckon spurs are gonna give newcastle a good hiding
shit is aaaaan ! tottenham - newcastle . coys
hopefully newcastle can make tottenham drop points .
 tottenham vs arsenal
is there any explanation why newcastle away kit looks like brazil ? intentional ? 
newcastle win arsenal win and sunderland win please , 
newcastle are playing in the brazil kit . fucking idiots .
 was amazng . on mi way hone now to die ...
will spurs beat newcastle in todays match
newcastle with dat brasil kit .
do tottenham fans ken the minute silence is finished ?
soccer-tottenham leave out lloris after head injury : tottenham hotspur , criticised for continuing to play goalkeeper hugo lloris afte ...
 spurs vs newcastle !
can i say we went round newcastle last night because we only went in one club haha
newcastle playing 4-4-2 against spurs . very brave .
why are newcastle dressed as arsenal ?
tiotes shit man , come on tottenham !
fancy newcastle for the win today
watching spurs v newcastle with hindu commentary lol
spurs v newcastle 
i like tottenham
 tottenham - newcastle
newcastle is trending !!! yyyeeessaa !! :d
newcastle think theyre brazil dont they
tottenham / newcastle avec mapou ✌
newcastle united aka france
howay newcastle
have tottenham been awarded a penalty yet ?
gonna watch the man city/or tottenham game in the hope that they get thrashed because southampton r looking pretty at third in the table
newcastle do us a favour and beat those dirty scum tottenham
hoping for a tottenham/man u double today 
spurs vs newcastle game will be decent
this is so interesting because i follow both spurs and newcastle's twitter accounts
when the fuck did newcastle start dressin like lidl carrier bags ? 
cone on newcastle
that newcastle kit is smart !
 spurs vs newcastle
come on newcastle !
samba football . great away strip . 
 /newcastle : both were former clubs of les ferdinand , david ginola , jonathan woodgate , et al . avb vs ap . battle cry !!!
 tottenham vs newcastle
 : andros townsend says he is hoping to get on the scoresheet ahead of tottenham's game against newcastle .
what a weekend this has been ! oh newcastle i do love you !
xi vs newcastle : friedel // walker , dawson , chiriches , vertonghen // dembele , paulinho // townsend , eriksen , sigurdsson // soldado
my prediction : spurs 3-1 newcastle .... the latter to score first .
hotspurs v newcastle 
a tottenham players knee meets tiote's knee and loses . 
come on !! 
got a feeling newcastle is gonna upset spurs tonight .... might just be wishful thinking tho . come on toon !
here's to hoping newcastle get a point at least .
u ni ted newcastle unitd fc
the best team in the whole of europe is playing . c'mon you magpies , lets murder this spurs . i love newcastle united . i am a toon army member
paulinho must be a bit confused by the newcastle away kit ...
if newcastle and sunderland win it will be a good day . 
tottenham play the slowest football going
eriksen is playing , yeah newcastle are screwed
tottenham vs newcastle live in beins sports 3
i know that i go on a bit about this but the camera angle at spurs v newcastle is far too high .
awake at 7am on a sunday . tottenham must be playing 
honking strip fae newcastle
tottenham - new castle !!! 
kick off tottenham vs newcastle 
going with a 2-1 newcastle !
wouldn't be a surprise if tottenham won by a pen today 
7mins- offside for newcastle . 
prediction : spurs 2-1 newcastle
newcastle have new kit fi eee match
tiote is newcastle captain ? really ? somethings wrong here 
instead of watching the tottenham-newcastle game , i'm going to retweet random tweets from folk who are watching it .
super sunday . best time for a soccer fanatic . let's see what avb does at home to newcastle . 
spurs and newcastle fans , very quiet . because of the early kick of maybe ?
that newcastle strip is humdinging
come on newcastle
live football 12:00 pm newcastle vs tottenham followed by sunderland vs man city
hopping tottenham and arsenal drop some points tonight
en mode newcastle tothenam michto lmatch pour linstan
common newcastle !
nice one bro let me come to his house to use his sky sports so watching newcastle tottenham then mufc v arsenal !!!!!
time to watch tottenham vs newcastle
newcastle think they're brazil with that away kit 😆
tottenham vs newcastle , sunderland vs city , united vs arsenal , vilarreal vs atletico madrid and betis vs barca , sorted .
come on newcastle
love a night round newcastle but back to sheffield today
this newcastle kit is hurting my eyes
tottenham playing brazil today ?
first game of day , come on newcastle !
newcastle wearing arsenal away colours against spurs . lads .
come on tottenham
i wonder if newcastle will play like brazil ...
newcastle wearing the brazil strip isnt fooling anyone
newcastle playing in the brazil kit ?..
i hope tottenham lose today
okay newcastle , these guys can't win today . make it happen .
forgot the spurs vs newcastle game was on ! 
bright start from tottenham . certainly not boring . accurate passing & good movement . we're learning to thread the eye of the needle . 
feeling sorry for gaz hart today getting in at 5:30 in the morning from newcastle and starting work at 6
want newcastle to win !
let me watch this tottenham game .
fuck off , stewards at tottenham taking the flag down with the poppy on !!
newcastle look like brazil today , shame they can't play like them ....
quite funny watching tottenham . they've spent £100m to marginally improve their team
wow newcastle looking like brazil today against spurs
3 newcastle defenders on for first goalscorer ... williamson 100/1 , yanga mbiwa 120/1 and santon 160/1 🙏
newcastle's kit doe
spurs vs newcastle
devant tottenham-newcastle 
there is hope for spurs today , as yanga-mbiwa is playing for newcastle
newcastle on saturday 
match worth watching if only watching brad friedel . great keeper 
west brom did a good job yesterday . i hope newcastle will do the same .
come on tottenham , may be abit sacrilegious but i think avb is a god .
spurs having the majority of the ball in the opening minutes at the lane . spurs 1/2 newcastle 6/1 draw 11/4
at a very sunny white hart lane bit that doesn't explain why newcastle are in brazil kits . magpies or canaries ??
most of the tottenham team are gorgeous though 👌
and if you are a tottenham fan surrender or you'll die ,
tottenham newcastle
hey newcastle , brazil's manager rang , he wants their kit back ! 
1-2 newcastle , 0-5 man city , and 2-3 arsenal , £2 on hopefully 40 grand back 
tottenham newcastle let's see what happens
come on newcastle !
come on newcastle
i'd also appreciate watching a tottenham home game without the vertigo . 
want a newcastle win . they've just come off a big win against chelsea so i'm confident they can do us a favour .
our predictions today ! sunderland 0 man city 4 , tottenham 1 newcastle 0 , man united 0 arsenal 1
newcastle have had a crisis in nationality ! manager thinks they are french and kit manufacturer thinks they are brazillian !
supporting newcastle for this match . spurs too boring alr
what is this newcastle kit about 😂
epl - spurs ( v newcastle ) friedel ; walker , vertonghen , dawson , chiriches ; paulinho , dembele , eriksen , sigurdsson , townsend , soldado
hate watching tottenham . think they're so boring . 
i love this newcastle's yellow jersey !
fag and tottenham vs newcastle and macaroni cheese cotch cotch
that newcastle strip is an ironic ' it's just like watching brazil ' waiting to happen .
tottenham have some quality players
c'mon you magpie !!! beat those fagg ! bag of shit spurs !!! new castle vs tottenham
hope newcastle do us a favour today
spurs or newcastle ?? 
newcastle have borrowed brazil's kit . that's where the similarity ends
spurs 2-1 newcastle man united 2-1 arsenal
very smart kit from newcastle . brazil esque , shame their ability isn't quite the same .
my predictions for today newcastle win city win arsenal/utd draw swansea win
super sunday hat-trick begins . 
spurs vs newcastle !
were shelf side were shelf side were shelf side tottenham yiddo yiddo yiddo 
newcastle kit be looking like some brazil shit
spurs v newcastle sunderland v manchester city arsenal v manchester united 
the yellow strip newcastle have is canny nice
newcastle look like brazil , i mean the kits not the football obviously 
we the park lane we the park lane tottenham coys
so newcastle are playing in the brazil strip , is that wise ?
tottenham have got a hard match today , brazil at home . 
really liking the tottenham line up today , apart from lloris missing out , probably our strongest xi 
not often i say this but , come on newcastle
newcastle's yellow kit is pretty tasty
sorry do newcastle think their brazil with that kit
rise and shine milwaukee ! it's spurs v newcastle .
alan parry can barely conceal his contempt for newcastle . i mean barely as in he doesn't even try .
tottenham on the break
come on you spurs lets do this soild performance and get the 3 points against newcastle and prehaps a clean sheet to . 
can't stick newcastle in yellow and blue , just looks weird
 totthenam-newcastle
 must think this is a heat wave 
tottenham and city will win today . a point for us is vital .
newcastle channeling the arsenal away spirit for the spurs game ... i think they also broke into our kit room .
lmao : 30atdeark tottenham spent £108m and have scored 9 pl goals . arsenal spent £ 42.5 m and have scored 2
ugh for pete's sake man i should in actual fact support newcastle because a spurs victory is out of the question . -_- ugh chels .
waiting for the obvious its just like watching brazil if newcastle go ahead looking at that kit
do newcastle think they are brazil in that kit ?? 
newcastle actually play some decent football
vlad chiriches could well turn out to be tottenham's best summer signing . sublimely gifted footballer .
newcastle and tottenham are depressing teams to watch
the first of many offsides for newcastle this afternoon
a good run from tottenham , but the cross into the box is very poor . 
newcastle look like arsenal .
i find both spurs and newcastle's football boring
i think the spurs are going to sweat it out against the newcastle !!! lloris not playing is a set back for the spurs !!!
why am i watching tottenham against newcastle ? will be pooooor
also , tottenham is fun as hell to watch
tottenham do everything but score
 the visitors are getting smothered when on the ball . tottenham moving the play around neatly
looks like newcastle are wearing the brazil kit for their away kit 
i like newcastle
newcastle's wishful thinking playing in brazil colours 
dear newcastle united ... this away kit is fucking awful ..... that is all .
great day of football lined up . spurs vs newcastle . sunderland vs man city . then man utd vs arsenal , can't wait ! 
newcastle look like brazil in that kit
newcastle are so crap ! they need a few new defenders in january !
there will be no live coverage from us today for the spurs v newcastle due to busy but after the match will have a review of the match .
come on newcastle !!
this newcastle united's outfit though . looks more like ' the coat of many colours ' pastor spoke about in service today . 
newcastle !!!
no penalty for tottenham no win for tottenham
newcastle kit looking like brazil's , too bad they dont play like them
newcastle or spurs to win ?
 tottenham hotspur vs newcastle
newcastle have basically stolen a brazil kit
actually buzzed for the tottenham game today . with dembele , erikson , paulinho and sigurdsson starting we're looking like an attacking side !
come on newcastle
see i hate spurs but i also hate newcastle , but then i have spurs on my coupon so yer , fucking need them to win don't i ? 
come on newcastle
see i hate spurs but i also hate newcastle , but then i have spurs on my coupon so yer , fucking need them to win don't i ? 
plenty of early cynical aggression from newcastle
come on newcastle
newcastle and arsenal 👏
newcastle kit looks good 
hope tottenham lose today
ref's never seem to like newcastle
newcastle at home create chance after chance after chance against the likes of chelsea & liverpool . away they keep 11 behind the ball and ..
newcastle rocking the brazil kit
its football all day today - tottenham v newcastle 12pm , sunderland v man city at 2.05 pm and man utd v arsenal at 4.10 pm . come and join us
tiote captain for newcastle now that's embarrassing 
loool newcastle have done an arsenal with their away kit
my dad says tottenham lose liao become rottenham . joke of the day . hahahaha !!!
tottenham spent how much in the summer ? look a worse team than last season .
tottenham leave out lloris after head injury : london ( reuters ) - tottenham hotspur , criticised for continuing to play goalkeeper hugo ...
tottenham are dominating here
why are newcastle dressed up as brazil ?
need newcastle and sunderland to pull us some favours today 
why are newcastle dressed as brazil today ?
that yellow and blue newcastle kit is rank
game 1 of 3 common newcastle !
tottenham can't play well together 
not sure about this newcastle yellow kit 😷
silau keeper newcastle
tottenham genuinely play such dull football , they create literally nothing in front of goal
spurs are shitting all over newcastle right now
tottenham's problem is getting people in the box . plenty of lovely play outside the area , but nobody running into it ! 
if newcastle can make sp*rs drop points ... i will give each player a free babe for the week
nw tottenham vs newcastle
why have newcastle copied crystal palace ...
can watch most premier league games but this season i find it hard to watch tottenham . they just seem to have something missing 
come on newcastle !
massive newcastle arsenal sunderland and swansea fan today
spurs - newcastle
erikson has been important for tottenham today
 should be a good curtain raiser for the day . common 
clver move by newcastle to wear brazil kit . hopefully paulinho will realise to pass to a guy in white
maybe a little later .... tottenham will let newcastle have a turn with the ball
tottenham are really looking a little dangerous on this counter attacks , there suing some nice football in this game so far .!! 
 predictions : spurs 2-1 newcastle/sunderland 0-3 man city/man utd 1-2 arsenal
tottenham look so smooth and slick . just need the finishing .
newcastle win pls
to be honest , i kind of find newcastle’s kit unique in a way . 
i think tottenham might beat brazil today . 
newcastle will score 
spurs vs newcastle
i can see newcastle winning this game tbh
spurs v newcastle , sunderland v man city , man utd v arsenal and federer v nadal - could sundays be any better ?! ⚽️🎾👍 
newcastle
hope newcastle win today 😶
 v brazil lol currently on sky sports1
draw spurs/newcastle away win for city and a home win for the mancs 
 spurs vs newcastle
tottenham pls do this for pop
corner for tottenham , soldado gets a free header but it goes over the bar . 
come on 
feel like a newcastle fan . watched them 4 weeks in a row now
no idea how this game could do . tottenham have had trouble getting goals , but we've been shocking defensively on occasion .. 
tottenham match now
newcastle look like brazil in their kit :)
anyone selling disclosure tickets for newcastle ?!!!
i am not having this newcastle strip . yellow and blue ?!
spurs v newcastle live on ss1 . spurs currently 4/7 , draw 3/1 , newcastle 4/1 . bet in-play now ! 10mins gone .
spurs v newcastle . hope newcastle draw or win . ; - ;
will we see tottenham hotspenalty today ? 
tottenham should win this
uhhh painful drive back to newcastle tonight 
newcastle and sunderland wins will do me like before we stuff the gunners later on .. the table might look a bit more how it should then :-)
can just tell tottenham are gonna win fgs
newcastle warudishe kit yetu after game
the journey to tottenham begins - grandad here i come ❤
come on newcastle ! 
newcastle's canary yellow jersey is buff
there are so many colours newcastle could have for their away kit and they chose this ?
tottenham got a gd team so they betta win
if spurs win today they'll go above us in the premiership . come on newcastle !
since start of last season newcastle utd have more league goals ( excl own goals ) from fra players than pairs saint-germain : 30 v 26 
spurs v newcastle - 9mins gone , soldado heads over but spurs starting brightly 
if last nights anything to go by i don't stand a chance in newcastle next weekend . 
come on newcastle .....
poor start nufc ! tottenham dominating the first 10 min !
the commentator described the newcastle kit as " rather lurid " yes !! lol !!! i love the english !! as blunt as ever .
komigen newcastle krossa spurs
why the fuck am i in vietnam watching tottenham vs chelsea ? 
jom layan tottenham vs newcastle one direction .
i can see spurs winning this and newcastle nicking it or maybe a draw but definitely one of those
spurs vs newcastle - city vs sunderland - united vs arsenal . that's my day sorted !
now for super sunday triple bill game one tottenham hotspur v newcastle united
every time i have seen tottenham this season the same problem exists - they only have one man in the penalty box far too often
quality weekend ! 
come on newcastle .
newcastle was disgustingly messy murrrrr . drive home .
i wanna find a racist club in this dead town packed with man u fans and tottenham fans and go and shout my nut off come 4pm thats how i feel
tottenham looking quite good so far
 tottenham vs newcastle ..
nothing better than watching tottenham hotspurs . 
we hate tottenham , and we hate tottenham , we hate tottenham , and we hate tottenham , we hate tottenham , and we hate tottenham , we hate spurs .
currently watching tottenham v brazil
quality midfield on show today for spurs vs newcastle . expecting big things ! 
newcastle sunderland make my day is that too much to ask 
need a favor from newcastle today .
tottenham boss andre villas-boas insists he will not sell jermain defoe in january despite the england striker's lack of starts this season .
like a hot knife through butter at times this newcastle . defence hasn't been the best ... again .
weh la ni tottenham vs newcastle !
newcastle kitted out as brazil haha fuck off ya shite . 
soldado should be testing the gk from there big let off for 
spurs will lose because newcastle are wearing the arsenal away colours , they'll get shook
c'mon newcastle !
can't stand tottenham
come on newcastle !
newcastle hoping that looking like brazil might help them play better ..!! pls do and take a few points off the yiddos .
that yellow away kit for newcastle is horrendous
come on newcastle
at brothers watching the tottenham game👀
totthenam- newcastle
come on newcastle 
live v now in-play still to come v & the match of the day v ! 
pas mal le maillot de newcastle
this yellow kit thing ain't working for me for newcastle united .
right , it's tottenham vs newcastle ! i'm watching it now !
i hope newcastle win today .
didn't realise spurs newcastle was such a fierce rivalry to be a 12 o'clock kick off ...
friend cancelled squash today because of some newcastle game . 
come on you spurs ! beat newcastle please !
holy nice one tottenham !
newcastle yellow kit ??
newcastle are going to have a lot of joy in behind without lloris in goal .
come on newcastle you big geordie bastards .
its a shame newcastle don't play like brazil
i don't care what anyone says , but townsend who plays for tottenham .. he is hardddd !!!!
cabaye is too good for newcastle
tottenham , sunderland ...... fuck off
 - temp : 4.9 c - humid : 88% - pres : 1016hpa ( rising ) - conditions : partly cloudy - wind : wnw 13.0 km/h 
newcastle have stole brazil's kits
 spurs v newcastle
a better touch by remy and it would be 1-0 newcastle .
brilliant ball by cabaye to remy who is just tackled at the last minute before unleashing ! corner to newcastle ! /dave
tottenham will struggle with newcastle's physical presents .
newcastle corner
chiriches salvando el primero del newcastle . howay the lads !
jossy's giants once hammered a team that played in this newcastle kit .
remy penetrates the tottenham defence , allegedly without permission .
newcastle shd beat tottenham dis afternoon to do us favour ..
spurs vs newcastle
that's exactly the sort of ball newcastle need to play all afternoon .
so my accumilatoris ... newcastle , city & united to all win ! 
not to be bad or what but i hope tottenham will lose tonight's match . sorry not sorry tho
come on newcastle
come on newcastle
today's premier league football is looking brilliant ! i'm watching the tottenham v newcastle game just now :-) . 
spurs vs . newcastle predictions ? 
watching tottenham v newcastle 
cmon newcastle fakinell
howay the toon !! need to keep eye on townsend , looks like he will be a threat ! 
come on newcastle . be my hero again
ahhhh so close come on newcastle !
dream has come true . have become brazil !! yes !!!
lol newcastle dominating now
and another chance for newcastle !
newcastle in the yellow n blue
10mins spurs 0-0 newcastle -remy in on friedel cant beat the spurs keeper , who's made 3 good blocks already
another demonstration just there of how crucial chiriches pace is to tottenham's back line .
bright start by newcastle . goalmouth scrambles !!
newcastle are dangerous
newcastle should be up .
ffs newcastle net it
proud mum at the remembrance service newcastle with james , kate .
i like tottenham hotspurs actually for a bit since they're south african sponsored 
united can't lose today ....... i mean newcastle !
newcastle on firee
oh man chances for newcastle
excellent start from newcastle ! hat trick !
i think tottenham might beat brazil today ! strong start ! 
come on newcastle
newcastle united haven’t kept a clean sheet against spurs in their last 17 games .
newcastle so close to score !
newcastle boyyy
all newcastle !!
cabaye has a fine touch . i really need newcastle to win
common newcastle
chiriches is a whippet ! newcastle have started amazing !
newcastle should have scored twice
how many chances newcastle ??
how have newcastle not scored ?
newcastle have just missed 3 big chances
newcastle , sunderland and utd win today please !
come on newcastle .
get in there newcastle
i've just realised lloris isn't even playing for spurs . newcastle have a better chance of winning now
i reckon newcastle will win 2-1 ...
newcastle could be 1 up here
newcastle sont chaud !
why go for goal there cabaye ?! newcastle's decision making will take them down .
c'mon newcastle !
thank god that tottenham doesn't have the same ref from the chelsea/w brom match yesterday , that probably would have been a pk
thats the spirit newcastle .
cabaye is better than newcastle . class
why havent newcastle scored ffs
spurs vs newcastle 
c'mon newcastle !
showing tottenham v newcastle man city v sunderland man utd v arsenal pints £ 2.80
come on newcastle
tottenham are getting ripped
 tottenham-newcastle
what a tackle to keep tottenham level
newcastle should be winning this 1-0
debuchy ! and cabaye ! brilliant double stop by freidel ! corner to newcastle . 
i am cheering newcastle though , cos i'm part geordie ! 
are newcastle wearing yellow & blue in the hope of playing like brazil ?
ohhhhh come on newcastle
newcastle got the men running
my predictions for today : spurs 1-1 newcastle sunderland 1-2 man city arsenal 2-0 man utd swansea 0-0 stoke
newcastle newcastle newcastle
newcastle should be winning here…
well fuck ! tottenham are too damn lucky .
remy races through for newcastle but blocked , friedel parries long-range cabaye effort . newcastle pressing .
newcastle have had a good start
newcastle really should be ahead by now .
newcastle is a team on fire
tottenham goal keeper is sleeping
friend cancelled squash because of some newcastle game 
that chiceres from tottenham has pace for days
tottenham v newcastle - no surprise that i want spurs to lose
i didnt know that newcastle took our away kits , we will need them today ;)
newcastle should be 1-0 up
so newcastle looking like brazil today . means there's a couple of very nice kits on show at white hart lane
remy penetrates the tottenham defence , allegedly without consent .
again i have to miss the tottenham game erghh
newcastle worked friedel there !
cabaye and remy are both too good for newcastle they should be at a top 4 team
does anyone else agree with me that the kit newcastle are wearing today resembles brazil colour-wise ?
newcastle looking real threat .
newcastle missed the chances
why wor cisse busting a gut to get in the box there ... 
i have a feeling newcastle will lose today ... i also have a feeling sunderland will lose today
newcastle playing in yellow just isn't right .
stand up if you hate tottenham ! stand up if you tottenham
tottenham has to have some of the fastest cbs in the prem
newcastle will roll over and have their tummies tickled today , hope i'm wrong
newcastle have started well
omgg so close newcastle
newcastle bringing on all the pressure . friedel looking a little , lost
comeon newcastle make tottendpuds feel old !!
the in their infinite greed stage a 12oclock kick off at spurs . a local derby ? no . newcastle - poor buggers must have set off yesterday
newcastle started well here ..
i want newcastle to win
come on spurs . come on newcastle 
cruising over the tyne on the train really shows what a beautiful city the toon is . 
newcastle should score
tottenham need to wake up
spurs newcastle is getting lively !
come on newcastle
how nice is newcastle kit 💪
pliz newcastle , just repeat wat you did last weekend ! don't allow the soldados n townsends to solden n townsend you !
that newcastle kit is terrible
beach handball and surfing in 
newcastle look set to pull another upset . that'd be wicked !
10 - big chance for newcastle - remy clear , left side , combination of chiriches racing back and friedel forced shot wide .
what a sunday morning rain & football to watch . spurs v newcastle , roma v sassuolo , man utd v arsenal the best last juve v napoli 
come on newcastle finish your chances !
nearly a strange goal by newcastle there !! be good if they did us a favour by winning !! 
now watching tottenham - newcastle united . should be a good one .
loic remy ! johan cabaye ! newcastle starting to perform .
come on newcastle ! spurs riding their luck
 tottenham hotspurs vs newcastle united ! 
having said that newcastle just squandered 3 easy chances
its pouring in newcastle right now damn !
newcastle all over spurs ! come on you magpies
come on newcastle !!
newcastle are on it
newcastle should be a goal up now .. stupid
come on newcastle
double chance for newcastle , friedel fantastic ...
come on newcastle
oooooh newcastle almost
jesus ! come on then newcastle ! this game looks like its going to be good .
come on newcastle
newcastle sont chaud !! 
spurs v newcastle - 11mins gone gouffran with a shot from distance saved by freidel after r after remy won a corner 
newcastle should have scored
comeon newcastle make tottenspuds feel old !!
newcastle need to win this match
newcastle kit is vile .
come on newcastle !!!!!!
another chance for newcastle .
at least newcastle are going for a win . makes a nice change at the lane . 
wake up tottenham
newcastle look good for a goal . 
spurs are shit , newcastle look like they will win this
newcastle is full of africans thou 0_o
are tottenham tryna play a high line or something ?
come on newcastle !!!
 tottenham vs newcastle
come on tottenham
would love to know why newcastle persist on having ben arfa on the bench
newcastle's kit is a shocker
come on newcastle !
11 two good saves by friedel as newcastle attack off the corner . 0-0
newcastle have a class squad
fuck tottenham
basically i hate tottenham . shit team . shit club .
now that is the tottenham way of playing
newcastle trying to look like arsenal with their away kit just to scare spurs
newcastle se reveille
cum on newcastle
come on the newcastle !
go on newcastle ! help us out again ! 
tottenham are licks at defending set pieces .
good spell from newcastle .
looking forward to newcastle doing us another favour today
come on tottenham
really would like newcastle to win this game today . would let united close the gap on tottenham . come on toon !
newcastle shouldve had at least 3 there
they need to take their chances . 2 big chances there for newcastle .
newcastle in their traditional strip , it seems . 
that was a good save from friedel there " still spurs o -o*newcastle though
putin newcastle i son
newcastle looking dangerous against tottenham
come on newcastle
seems pretty even so far though newcastle seem to be getting more into the game . 12 min
newcastle should be 1 up .
this newcastle kits weird
wowwww . three clear chances in a minute for newcastle .
can't decide if hau5 boro of warehau5 newcastle was better , both class👌🙏
need a good day of football please .... newcastle & arsenal win !!!
wtf . how was that not flagged for offside . acres of space between our last man and three newcastle players . 
c'mon newcastle !
newcastle have far too many greedy players
i honestly was not expecting newcastle to get a look that good until much later than this .
newcastle are the magpies , but they look more like canaries in that away kit ! lolz ! 
newcastle have started really well !
newcastle needs to win
newcastle should be winning
newcastle should be leading by now
ooooh newcastle getting close
fancy newcastle nicking this
bright start by newcastle .
 tottenham vs newcastle united
spurs vs newcastle
go on newcastle great pressure on tottenham . 
tottenham really should be behind here . i give it 15/20 minutes before soldado scores a dubious penalty .
newcastle's last four visits to white hart lane have all ended in defeat , with tottenham scoring 10 goals to newcastle's one .
come on newcastle !
lively game at white hart lane between spurs and newcastle . chances already for both sides . 
close newcastle !!
can see newcastle and arsenal getting draws away today , not seeing anything other than a city win though .
in the space of 1 minute newcastle make 2 half chances and friedel was called into action the 2nd time
spurs vs newcastle united 
come on newcastle , beat the scum and give the arsenal a boost !
kinda want newcastle to win
come on newcastle !! been the y ** scum
nowich playing well .. oh i mean newcastle
spurs should loose , newcastle have soo many black lads on their team , spurs will think its jungle run and forfeit
come on newcastle 
great start for newcastle
le match entre newcastle et tottenham graille .
spurs 0.31 * 5.20 1.61 goals newcastle 0.22 * 4.38 0.96 goals total goal production 2.57 goals
good of tottenham to let one of the ground stewards act as keeper today 
newcastle have started strongly . friedel made three saves in a matter of 50 seconds .
c'mon newcastle ! 
 v 
good spell in the game for newcastle ! 
newcastle you wastemen
spurs 0 newcastle 1
just saw a piece in the people about how bad it is that newcastle fans have to travel so far for a midday ko erm
and whats up with this newcastle jersey . brazil in disguise ??
come on newcastle .
come on newcastle !
més que is open now for spurs v newcastle . come down and order up some breakfast !
feels good being at home watching tottenham
nice to see that newcastle are ripping spurs defences apart . so far a bit unlucky , but promising .
good start by newcastle
why are newcastle dressed as brazil ?
can see newcastle snatching this
super sunday today - spurs v newcastle @ 12 , sunderland v man city @ 2.05 and man utd v arsenal @ 4.10 . plus pub quiz at 8pm !
need a favour from newcastle today
get in newcastle
go on newcastle yes !!
must get out of the house when newcastle are on tele !! 
newcastle !!!!
newcastle utd , do it again for world peace .
wohayy newcastle
holy fuck newcastle thankyou .
brazil looking handy against spurs . wait that's newcastle ? its just like watching brazil ( but with shola ... so it's better )
newcastle 1-0
come on newcastle
tottenham so fucking bad
newcastle !
yesssss newcastle !!
tottenham you're fucking shocking
yes newcastle !
ark at newcastle mind
goal 1-0 newcastle . loic remy
get in newcastle
can you hear the tottenham sing ?
get in newcastle
go on newcastle !
weird that the spurs v newcastle game is on so early
get in newcastle
superb goal ! is right newcastle
great play from newcastle
get in newcastle
go on newcastle
gooalll newcastle !
remyyyyyy 1-0 newcastle
yes newcastle
remy ! tottenham shot themselves in the foot there
fucking newcastle cunts
come on newcastle !!!
yes newcastle
wonderful double save by the american gk to deny the toon army turning up the screw at the lane 
oh newcastle
newcastle had a great chance there
newcastle will win .
what a goal , newcastle are playing class here
remy is a machine , come on newcastle
newcastle ! !!!
come on newcastle !!
good t see newcastle winning
newcastle !
1-0 newcastle !! remy !!
come on tottenham
newcastle !!!
good ppressing newcastle
go on newcastle
newcastle playing well 
oh my what are newcastle on ...
newcastle !
newcastle 1-0 !!!!
get in newcastle
remyyyy !! 1-0 for newcastle !!
what a goal newcastle
 tottenham hotspur vs newcastle 
good to have super sunday on early . hope newcastle get something out of it ..
go on newcastle pmsl
goal ! 1-0 newcastle well deserved
come on newcastle
yes newcastle !
newcastle lead at the lane , remy !
go ' ed newcastle
yes then remy ! 1-0 newcastle !
remmmyyyyyyy newcastle have deserves this !!
yes newcastle

remy 1-0 newcastle
12 ' remy ! spurs 0-1 newcastle
shit newcastle have been good
fucking useless tottenham !
loic remy !!!! newcastle ahead !
yes newcastle
yes 1-0 newcastle
1-0 newcastle . we are getting battered
newcastle should mess around with the chances they're getting
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . ( remy )
aw ffs , fuck off newcastle man .
class goal , all newcastle this
cabaye deserves better than newcastle !!
get in newcastle !!!!
newcastle lead 1-0 remy !!
haha yes newcastle !
great start newcastle
1-0 newcastle brilliant play
newcastle deserve that , good goal from remy !
yes newcastle ! 💃
yes newcastle !!!
yes newcastle !!
newcastle 1 !!!!!
tenner on tottenham , city , united and swansea
goal newcastle
newcastle go 1-0 up . oops !
newcastle
yeees newcastle !
remy 1-0 newcastle
newcastle . yes !!!
come on newcastle
newcastle look quality ! how good is remy
newcastle is back !
newcastle !
yesssss 1-0 newcastle , nice goal as well mind
church was awesome ... now football time ... go newcastle ...
remy ... 1-0 newcastle
remy ! cmon newcastle
yes then newcastle !
tottenham 1-0 down get in
newcastle deserved that
shocking from tottenham
tottenham are so shit !
remy scores . spurs 0-1 newcastle .
newcastle are a fucking new team wow all over spurs
remy gives newcastle the early lead .
wow tottenham have been all over the place defensively
tottenham look shit as always
na make tottenham lose today oo . dem no kuku sabi score before sef
newcastle deserve that !!
fucksake tottenham wake up !
newcastle all over spurs haha
get in newcastle
well played by newcastle that
goal ! remy puts newcastle into the lead with a fine goal at whl !
get in there newcastle
newcastle deserve that
yes ! newcastle !!
newcastle 1 lol
spurs 0 newcastle 1
remyyyyyyy !!!! spurs 0-1 newcastle ! haha
get in newcastle !!
yes newcastle
good job newcastle
gols 1-0 newcastle
yes newcastle 1-0
get in there great spell 4 newcastle
remy gives newcastle the lead . 0-1 . 
tottenham are actually shit
fucking yes newcastle !
shit ... newcastle ahead
goal ... tottenham 0-1 newcastle . remy 92
yasss come on newcastle !!
 1 up deservedly so
go on newcastle !!
get in newcastle !!!
yes newcastle !
newcastle take the lead after 13 minutes ! 
goal newcastle !!! 1-0
well played newcastle 
remy it was coming ! 1-0 newcastle
newcastle playing some seriously good football
dpmo 1-0 newcastle
newcastle score ! remy 1-0
1-0 newcastle , tottenham's defence is all over the place .
newcastle are looking good
goal !!! newcastle 1
newcastle deserve that lead
haha yes newcastle
great start from newcastle
good few touches for newcastle
newcastle lead at whl :oooo
yes newcastle !!! hahaha
get in newcastle
brilliant newcastle
wow good start for newcastle
great goal !!! come on newcastle
newcastle 🙌🙌🙌🙌💯
goalllll newcastle 1-0 !!
newcastle playing sick
remy scoressssss tottenham in shambles yccc
remy 1-0 newcastle :o
tottenham goalkeeper hugo lloris has been left out of the squad for the match against newcastle at white hart lane .
ahahaha yes then newcastle
get in there 
well okay maybe now so much there ..... 1-0 newcastle ( remy )
hahahahahahahahahhaha newcastle looking so good . but tottenham are so so so so so so so shit
great goal to give newcastle the lead 1-0
haha newcastle , spurs suck dick
newcastle deserve that .
yess remy ! 1-0 newcastle
get in tottenham losing
loic remy !! 1-0 newcastle
newcastle look good
goal !!! remy . newcastle 1 .
remy👏 1-0 newcastle
loooooool tottenham ! remy scores
remy scores , tottenham looked horrible defensively for a couple of minutes there !
yes ! remy ! 1-0 to newcastle !
1-0 pr newcastle
yes newcastle !!!!!!!
yes fuck off tottenham
brilliant newcastle
yesssssssss newcastle
i fucking hate newcastle
1-0 newcastle remy . fuck
yes newcastle .
get in newcastle !
nice newcastle !
newcastle moving nutssssssss 
1-0 newcastle ! remy !!!
remy 0-1 newcastle .
goal newcastle !
wtf were tottenham doing for that goal ? hahah lool
well played newcastle ! up spurs ' arse so far !
yeessssssss goal newcastle 0-1 vs spurs
thank you tottenham :) 
remy scores for newcastle
good goal newcastle
that's been coming . newcastle all over spurs
goal ! newcastle !
remi gives newcastle the lead , calm finish
loic remy ! 1-0 newcastle
yessssss newcastle scored
remy is class , newcastle 1-0 up !
unbelievable newcastle
well in newcastle
thats the way newcastle .
newcastle !!
get in ! no less than newcastle deserve
good start by newcastle .
newcastle
go on newcastle 
newcastle 😍😍😍
newcastle ! jheezee , great goal
gooooool newcastle !
remy ! makes it 0-1 for newcastle
good start tottenham
come on newcastle !!!!!
remmmmmy lmao come you newcastle
newcastle lead lool
remy 1-0 newcastle
fuck sake tottenham
if newcastle win by 10 goals today they go above us on gd 
remy loves a goal , get in newcastle
great goal . newcastle doing well here .
told you ... 1-0 newcastle 😂
why is cabaye still in newcastle
that goal was coming . tottenham's defence is all over the place . 
yesss newcastle !!!
remy !!!! 1-0 newcastle !!!
remy ! spurs 0 newcastle 1
that goal was coming . tottenham's defence is all over the place . 
go on newcastle !
newcastle one up
no clean sheet for vertonghen but i'd rather newcastle won .
come on newcastle !
get in newcastle
how are newcastle winning . they are pony
oii newcastle stop it ! lool
remy ! spurs 0 x 1 newcastle
yes newcastle !!
newcastle on top form
great start for newcastle !
well deserved newcastle !
newcastle lead !
newcastle on fire ! nice goal . 
newcastle are giving spurs a whopping so far 😱
tottenham pussies shame , remy you don !!!
newcastle take the lead . great goal
remy again ! 1-0 newcastle .
tottenham are soooooo good .
lovely start from newcastle here
newcastle win here
newcastle deserve that . spurs falling apart
ah chew tottenham lol
friedel keeping tottenham in the game !
great ball , great finish . 1-0 newcastle !
get in tottenham losing !
1-0 newcastle , remyyyyyyy
go on newcastle
sweet from newcastle
fooking yes newcastle !!
could see that coming 
get in newcastle ! 👍🙏
booooom ! well deserved newcastle goal .. great pressure .
yesss newcastle
goaaaaal , yes remy tottenham 0-1 newcastle
newcastle gooooal
great start for newcastle !!
remy ! newcastle is in the lead ! 
remmmmyyy 1-0 newcastle
well there goes my first prediction but newcastle deserve that !!
newcastle !!!!!
yess !! gerrin newcastle !!
1-0 newcastle remy
fuck off newcastle
well deserved newcastle
newcastle beatin spurs lofl
1-0 newcastle remy !!!!!
come on tottenham !!! pull your soddin socks up
newcastle 1-0 up against spurs . hmm .
goon then newcastle 1-0
newcastle !!!!!!!!!!
get in newcastle !!
get in remy . come on newcastle
goooooooal 1-0 newcastle !! remy !!
bloody hell tottenham ..
man like remyyyy 1-0 newcastle
fantastisk newcastle !!!! 
newcastle 1-0 remy
fucking shit tottenham you cunts
newcastle are having ittttt
yes newcastle 
goal !!!!!!!!! tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy ) 
get in newcastle ! boomtown
newcastle 1-0 remy
newcastle i am loving this . fuck the scumbags .
yes newcastle !
get in there newcastle !!!
newcastle lead
wowwww tottenham are not even awake yet
yes ! get it up ye tottenham you horrible yid cunts !
goal newcastle 1-0 spurs
loic remy !!! goaaaaal ! newcastle leads !
newcastle !!!!
tottenham are honking at the back !!!
tottenham don dey chop cain o
c'mon newcastle ..
or maybe a newcastle win ... get in . can't stand spurs
get in there remy 1-0 newcastle
gol do newcastle
what were tottenham playing at
remy 1-0 newcastle's pressure is so good
remy ! 1-0 newcastle !
newcastle all over them
tottenham what are you playing at ? embarrassing few minutes
buuuuut !! remy 
gol del newcastle ! 0-1 en white hart lane .
a deserved goal for newcastle
even though i bet on tottenham i want newcastle to win
newcastle need to buy remy , top goal
remy again !! great match here vs tottenham
boooom remy puts newcastle 1 up against spuds !!
goal newcastle
newcastle leading sudaaa .....
quality play by newcastle deserve to be winning
tottenham are all over the place 😳
impressive start this by newcastle
yes newcastle !! 👍
newcastle
yyyaassssss 1-0 newcastle loic remy !!
yesssssss newcastle thump these wankers around <3
comon newcastle !!
what a great goal . tottenham , chin up .
newcastle have been excellent
let's all laugh at tottenham😂
come on newcastle !
yeay newcastle ( y )
remy ! 1-0 to newcastle ! 
glad i stayed away from the spurs game , they look sloppy and newcastle deserve that
get in ! come on newcastle
yes newcastle !!
newcastle take the lead !! good finish to be fair
well deserved goal by newcastle , easy finish by remy !!
looks like the spurs team had a late night out .. newcastle scores !
hopefully newcastle don't do their defensive tactic for 90 minutes
yes ! come on newcastle !
hahahahahaha newcastle take the lead . loic remy
great goal newcastle
remy !!!! get the fuck in !!! come on newcastle ! 1-0 .
fucking come on newcastle !!!!!
1-0 pour newcastle !
tottenham are getting banged up
bet gone . who gives a fuck . newcastle lead .
ooohhhhh my days man newcastle is doing gr8 !! game is in progress at a great pace !! 
yesssss remy , tottenham are actually poor atm
great goal 
spurs 0-1 newcastle- remy . great finish
yes newcastle ! great pressing and a well finished goal
fuck you tottenham !
to be fair to newcastle , they deserved that . tottenhams defence has gone to shit !
yes newcastle !
damn newcastle are fayyyyust .
goaaaaaaal remy !!!! newcastle 1-0 spurs
wow newcastle
yes newcastle !!!
goal tottenham hotspur 0-1 * newcastle united remy ( 13 ' ) 
remy is odt 1-0 newcastle
brawo newcastle !
that's a lovely goal from newcastle ...
spurs gettin beat of newcastle , remy
get in newcastle !
yes newcastle !!
newcastle 1-0
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy )
loic remyyyyyy tottenham 0-1 newcastle ...
yess newcastle hahaa
yes newcastle !
loic remy good finish come on newcastle
spurs concede ! it's been coming , newcastle well on top so far
get in newcastle !
goal newcastle !!
yes newcastle
yessss newcastle
remy scores for newcastle !
newcastle done score e chps
c'mon newcastle ! !
go on newcastle ! it's been coming
well played by remy , praying newcastle keep this lead
yes newcastle !!
remy ! 1-0 newcastle
well deserved , tottenham look way to relaxed , shit cunts .
newcastle scored yay
yessssssss . newcastle lead .
newcastle goal baybehh !
totally deserved lead for newcastle . been all over tottenham so far
get in newcastle
tottenham are flopping
have newcastle scored yet ?
yess 1-0 newcastle
newcastle is leading !!! yes !!!
yesss newcastle
get in there newcastle
newcastle leads .....
newcastle !!
newcastle are ragging spurs
loosing 1-0 to newcastle , 13 minutes in , fs
hahahaha come on newcastle !
this is going to be a top match ! newcastle have pace !
booom ! remy ! newcastle lead spurs at white hart lane .
lat man standing in doubt here ... newcastle 1 up ... seeye
newcastle have been all over spurs so far
newcastle !!!! i told you !!!
wake up tottenham !!!!!
that's the spirit newcastle ! -_-
goaaaaaaaal !!! tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( loic remy )
newcastle 1 - 0 up
1-0 newcastle !!! loic remyyy
goal ! newcastle 0-1 remyyyyyyyyyy !!!!!
newcastle deserved that
knew that if i came home for so long i wouldn't want to go back to newcastle .
newcastle playing well 
caman ! newcastle 1-0 spurs
oh dear tottenham lool
come on newcastle do us a favour
loiiiiiicccc remy great play from newcastle great ball great finish !
remy !! 1-0 come on newcastle !!!!
great start by newcastle
goal remy ! newcastle take the lead against spurs ! 0-1
loic !!!!! 1-0 newcastle .
haha newcastle all over them
vlad chiriches is by far tottenham's best signing this season .
c'mon newcastle !!!!!! 
get in there newcastle
newcastle have the lead , loic remy give them the lead
get in ! 1-0 newcastle , remy after 13 mins ! /dave
newcastle on top form atm , 1-0 already ahah
yes newcastle !!!!
what a lovely goal . fantastic pressing from newcastle .
thank you newcastle it was coming
ha ha ha spurs are losing to newcastle .
remmmmy !: d yes newcastle ! 1-0 :d
newcastle are all over spurs
remy scores , 1-0 newcastle !
great way to start the day . tottenham 1-0 down 👍
newcastle scores
newcastle are on fire 
gooool 
c'mon newcastle !!
newcastle takes the lead !! remy !!
wtf was tottenham doing 😂
remy has put newcastle up 1-0 
newcastle going for it good goal remy
tottenham look weak at the back so far !
c'mon newcastle !!!
yes newcastle 1 up :)
go newcastle ! 
get in remy come on newcastle
that's it newcastle . take them to the cleaners .
go on newcastle !!!
goal newcastle !!
remy 1-0 newcastle , sorry spurs
how are newcastle playing this good ?!?
remy again ! deserved lead for newcastle
newcastle scores
newcastle dicking on spurs ! remy 1-0
wtf are tottenham playing at !!!
newcastle leading 1-0
wow unreal pressure newcastle were putting on there
remy you beast i told people newcastle would find their tempo !
solid few minutes from tottenham there
newcastle have the lead . 1-0 .
yes newcastle hahaha
come on newcastle .
have that you stupid tottenham scum !
yes newcastle
newcastle winning . fair play
steady la newcastle !
hahaha come on newcastle
tottenham are shite
come on newcastle
newcastle deserve that .
fuck sake , tottenham 0 1 newcastle . that's the first accy down the drain haha . on the other hand , newcastle looking quality
newcastle !!!!!!! they deserve that ! fuck off tottenham
tottenham have been so poor in the last 5 minutes
knew newcastle were going to score soon
newcastle goal !!! 
yes newcastle ...
1-0 newcastle ! get in remy
remy scores ... 1-0 newcastle
remy !! 0-1 voor newcastle . 
remyyyy ! 1-0 newcastle !
tottenham losing ... perfect
loic remy is so good , if newcastle can keep hold of him , wow .
remy you beauty ! 1-0 
yes newcastle !
gol do newcastle .
newcastle started quickly , pressing spurs , 1-0 remy
remy gives newcastle the lead ! spurs 0-1 toons ! ¤ladmin¤
goooal remyyyyyy ! newcastle 1-0
newcastle 😂❤️
love newcastle's attacking play . and damnnn those long shots and passes from cabaye 😱
yes newcastle !!!
1-0 to newcastle 
newcastle hve the lead at white hart lane against tot , remy
great defending from spurs 😂😂 1-0 newcastle
yes newcastle
it's been coming , get in there newcastle !
newcastle are playing👌
remy with a neat finish are newcastle gonna make it 2 in 2
get in there newcastle
goal ! tottenham 0 newcastle 1 ( remy 13) . 
nice passing by newcastle and they go one up ..
newcastle scores ! ~remy .. 1-0 .. poor tottenham ..
yeeeesss , get in . 1-0 newcastle
great goal . great pressure from newcastle . well deserved . 
newcastle hahaha remy 1-0
tottenham are honestly so poor , never getting top 4 this season
oh fuck off . 1-0 to newcastle 
yes remy ! come on newcastle !
tottenham have given that away . thfc0 nufc1 remy
1-0 newcastle ! 
goal ! remy scores for newcastle !!
yes newcastle !!!!
fucking shit start tottenham
tottenham are shit
spurs 0-1 newcastle -remy rounds friedel and scores - newcastle deserve that too
beautiful remy , newcastle leads spurs
turned the channel and tottenham concedes . aha
newcastle ! 1-0
goalll newcastle 1-0
newcastle !!!! 0-1 at whl ... 
received many strange comments last night , e.g " i think you might be the next virgin mary ".... oh newcastle x
ohhhh shit . bad news for tottenham , they actually gunna have to score to get something now .
remyyy 
newcastle lead ! this could turn into a very good weekend for us .
c'mon yes newcastle !!
gooall newcastle . excellent for the +1 handicap bet !!
yes remy !! newcastle 1 up !
liking the newcastle away kit 
come on tottenham
newcastle lead ... loic remy 1-0
come on newcastle
great start newcastle
newcastle scored !
reeeeemyyy ! 1-0 new castle . tottenham really are bad ..
tottenham terrible here so far
well deserved from newcastle , tottenham have been shocking in these first 15 minutes !
superbly taken goal by loic remy . 1-0 newcastle .
newcastle !
fucking hell wake up tottenham
terrible defending from spurs , 0-1 newcastle .
yes newcastle !!
well deserved goal for newcastle
tottenham's panicking
yes newcastle !!!!!
newcastle playin bauudd
what a class bit of pressure !! 1-0 newcastle !
newcastle 1 up !!
get in newcastle !!
my uncle supports tottenham and even he says that they are shit:')
wow tottenham are playing shite . 1-0 newcastle
newcastle playing a better game .
goal ! spurs 0-1 newcastle ( remy )
love that newcastle
remy !! yes newcastle !
now that a sweet play by !
remy scores .... surprise surprise . newcastle lead 0-1 .
wheyyyyyyyy well in remy !!!! fuck tottenham
come on newcastle !!!
come on newcastle 
1-0 pour newcastle loic remy buteur !
yes remy !! go on newcastle .. piss offff you yids
boom 1-0 newcastle
newcastle deserved that 
super sunday begins well ! 1-0 newcastle . it was coming , after good toon pressure last 5 minutes
get in newcastle ! 
get in newcastle !!
yassss remy ! c'mon newcastle !
tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united / loic remy / 
newcastle 1 up ,
predictions : spurs 2-1 newcastle , sunderland 1-3 man city , man utd 1-3 arsenal , swansea 2-0 stoke
newcastle all over spurs so far . good goal from remy though
it has been coming ! remy gives newcastle the lead at white hart lane ! spurs 0 newcastle 1 
goal : tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united . loïc rémy finishes well . poor from paulinho in the build-up . 
tottenham all over the shop !
newcastle have started like a hoise on fire ! remy rounds friedel !
newcastle with the lead at white hart lane
newcastle deserve that , what a start
it's been coming . 1-0 newcastle . remy .
brazil เอ๊ย newcastle นำ
tottenham can't handle the pressure loool
newcastle's pressure pays off
 #5pud2
 || gol de remy 13 ' || 0-1 
nice newcastle
tottenham haven't started very well at all .
omg newcastle !! :d
far , far too easy for newcastle here - could be embarrassing for spurs
gol del newcastle . loic remy
goal : tottenham 0-1 newcastle loic remy
yes newcastle
1-0 newcastle ! fuck you spurs .
how good do newcastle look today
tottenham getting ripped apart
get in newcastle ! 
newcastle on tings
newcastle 1 . loîc remy
newcastle ahead ! !!!!
1-0 newcastle remy all dembele's fault ! ha spurs !
loic remy is such a beast , 1-0 newcastle
get in there newcastle !
if tottenham let my bet down lots kicking off
come on newcastle
disaster . newcastle take the lead
remy scores for newcastle
calm by remy ! 1-0 newcastle , spurs looking sloppy !
haha . get in newcastle !!! 
spurs 0-1 newcastle ! remy !!
newcastle deserve that
can see newcastle hammering tottenham
newcastle up against spurs 
fuck you tottenham !
titi jnr makes it 1 nil for newcastle
tottenham just all over the place at the back
gooool de newcastle , buen gol de remy .
goall newcastle
newcastle deserve that ! he's a belter finisher that remy !
tottenham don't be the team that fucks up the acca .
yes newcastle
what are tottenham doing !!!
wow ! newcastle 13 '. remy
gol de remy ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle min . 12 
get in newcastle !
oooshey newcastle .
go newcastle !!!!
come on newcastle !!!!!!!
yeeees newcastle ! pump it !
newcastle take the lead .
goal newcastle
absaloute limbs from newcastle there
remi scores .. newcastle takes the lead
that's a great ball . grown into this match newcastle
100% typical tottenham
come on newcastle !!!!!
good pressure there from newcastle leading to the goal
goal newcastle
remy what a signing he has been for newcastle
i hope newcastle win 12-0 .
spurs 0-1 newcastle !!!!! vamosss
c'mon newcastle !
goal newcastle ! woots
remmyyy ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle
spurs 0 newcastle 1 remy utterly awful defending
spurs all over the place . c'mon newcastle .
great start this from newcastle ! deserved that lead !
newcastle are class atm
remy ! 1-0 newcastle
newcastle 1-0 remy !
get in newcastle !!
quality start from newcastle
great goal ! 
remy !!! spurs 0-1 newcastle
remy is steel for newcastle
spurs 0-1 newcastle remy puts them into the lead
tottenham defence wide open . already two great chances before that , now remy scores . 0-1 . 
tottenham deserved that . they had a poor 3 minutes at the back .
yes newcastle 😂
1-0 newcastle , i saw it coming .
that's it ! come on newcastle !
haha yes newcastle !
up the newcastle !
i don't know why we're playing a less defensive side against newcastle than we did against hull
shocking tottenham , fucking awful .
remy 1-0 newcastle
first goal of the day .... newcastle 1 tottenham 0
goal newcastle ! 13 ' rémy , tottenham hotspur - newcastle united 0-1 
remy against th scums come on newcastle
loic remy good goal 1-0 to newcastle hate the spud coyn
top finish by remy ! newcastle deserve that . high class , he's on fire .
getting man playing class come on newcastle !
wakey wakey tottenham
newcastle looking a different side and a good goal
great pressure there , newcastle !
thought tottenham were playing brazil for a minute , easy mistake i suppose
perhaps mirandinha would have been a success on tyneside if newcastle had played in this strip in his day .
goal !!!! remy !!!! tottenham 0-1 newcastle 
newcastle are all over tottenham
newcastle deserved that . remy !!!!!
finding myself watching the newcastle match and i really don't know why .
newcastle 1-0 tottenham loic remy with the goal
tottenham's defence just then 😂😂😂
get the fuck in newcastle
newcastle left their defence standing
newcastle are all over tottenham !
goal from remy !! 3-0 newcastle
this is sick from newcastle .. keeping the pressure on
1-0 newcastle . remyy !! spurs played wack so far aha
a lead thoroughly deserved for newcastle !! howay the lads !
newcastle goal has been coming . game on at white hart lane !
newcastle deserve that 0-1
newcastle all over spurs & have just scored . deserved leaders at whl .
why tottenham why
wow . go on newcastle . spurs look awful so far 👍
fantastic pressing from newcastle
yes newcastle . 1-0 remy 
great start newcastle good pressure and a good goal
and remy scores . newcastle been playing very well the past 10 mins
1-0 newcastle - remy
so newcastle have won because spurs don't score
newcastle !
yes newcastle !!!
loic remy is an absolute beast . shame he plays for a poor newcastle side .
1-0 newcastle !!! remy
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . ( remy )
scummy tottenham fans spitting at remy in the corner .
let's all laugh at tottenham ! let's all laugh at tottenham ! hahahaha !
get in newcastle
yes newcastle
flip , newcastle and london teams !! 
fucking come on newcastle
hate newcastle
remy breaks the deadlock ! 
loic remy has been class since he joined newcastle
1-0 pour newcastle
combination of mistakes caused by good pressure from newcastle
get in , come on newcastle !!!
newcastle scores . loic remy is underrated
tottenham are an absolute shambles !
get in newcastle
what the fuck are tottenham doing
loic remy scores for newcastle ! 0 - 1 
newcastle showing the league how it's done ?
remy scores ! spurs 0 - 1 newcastle
remy !!! 0-1 newcastle ! wow great pass by goufrran ! 🔥🔥🔥
come on newcastle !!!!! 👏
c'mon newcastle ! 😂👌 #1 -0
goaaaaaaaal newcastle !!!!! 
cracking , calm finish from loïc remy . 1-0 newcastle .
spurs 0-1 ( remy 13 ' ) newcastle
newcastle fully deserves this goal
yes remy !!!! first part of today's goalscorer acca is won , but more importantly spurs are behind ! come on newcastle 
 tottenham hotspur vs newcastle
remy ! tottenham hotspurs 0-1 newcastle united
1-0 newcastle remy !!!!!
how does it feel to be tottenham ? how does it feel to be small ? you sold bale , they signed mesut özil !!!!
and newcastle up 1-0 courtesy of remy well taken goal
what the fuck are tottenham doing
( great newcastle goal )
remyyyyyyyyyy 1-0 to newcastle !!!
told to newcastle to win !
go onn newcastle good finish from remy
tottenham are defending like accrington stanley
newcastle absolutely all over spurs haha
newcastle playing really well today ..
newcastle better win
remy scores for ! great stuff from newcastle players in last 5 minutes !
hahahahaha spurs !! just fucking lol !!! come on newcastle !
nice one remy ! great spell from newcastle !
yes newcastle 1-0 up . remy
golll ... remy score .. go newcastle go ..!
1-0 pour newcastle !!!!! 
1-0 newcastle remy
spurs are utter shit aren't they ? they've spend 5 minutes trying help newcastle score
great start to super sunday ! come on newcastle
yes 1-0 newcastle take the lead
fucking yes newcastle ! remy is just different class⚽️⚽️⚽️
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy 13 ' ) 
newcastle united !!!
tottenham doing tottenham things .
well in newcastle
gooooaal newcastle hahaha 
newcastle bossing tottenham ! 
yes newcastle
remy koydu ... tottenham 0 newcastle 1
newcastle take a deserved lead . finish from remy .
dembele should take the blame for that newcastle goal 
imagine newcastle win
fuck sake tottenham , waken up !
newcastle starting to play some football now
remy 1-0 newcastle could be more
oh when the wanky tottenham hotspur
gol del newcastle , remy gambeteo a friedel y definio con el arco vacio 0 1
nothing less than newcastle have deserved .
remy is way too good for newcastle .
shit start tottenham deserved paulinho put you foot through the ball
remey for newcastle at the white hart lane
goal ! remy puts newcastle 1-0 up !
goallll newcastle 👏👏👏
tottenham nil newcastle one
remy !!! spurs 0 - 1 newcastle 
remy .. such a delightful finish .. 
newcastle actually deserve that tottenham have been awful
newcastle started lively ! good finish from remy 
remy !!! it has been coming ! 1-0 to newcastle !
remyyyyyyy 1-0 ! 
0:1 newcastle
gooaaaaaallllllll !!!! newcastle up one
great goal by newcastle 1 -0
except newcastle just scored .... least it was remy
yes remy come on newcastle 1-0 :)
ohhhhhh my god tottenham
remyyyyy tottenham 0-1 newcastle !
how poor have tottenham started ??
newcastle lead , spurs have been disastrous in central midfield & defence thus far .
goal !! loic remy hands newcastle the lead 1-0 
newcastle 1-0 after 13 mins , hahaha . keep piling on the pressure please .
newcastle definitely need to sign remy permanently in january !
well that has been coming ! newcastle been all over spurs the last 5 minutes . 0-1
yes newcastle ! need spurs to lose this
that's been coming . last 5 mins spurs haven't been able to keep the ball . newcastle 1 up .
newcastle !
yasss get in newcastle !! remy !!
remy gives newcastle the lead , calm finish
spurs v newcastle 0-1 @ 13 mins , newcastle have won by 2+ goals in 4/7 away games
newcastle :)
gol de remy . min 13 . tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle . 
newcastle !!!!!!
goal : tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy 12 )
deep shout tottenham haahaah
great goal by remy ! great pressing by newcastle
imagine remy and ba together for newcastle ...
newcastle brilliant there , they've looked good after a shaky start , remy too quick for dawson and chiriches left with too much to do mostly .
loic remy gives newcastle d lead
remy 1-0 ; stuck in newcastle
go on newcastle !!!!!!!!!!!!!
remy ! :) united . niice !
remy again what a signing for newcastle another forward we could have done with .
gol remy spurs 0-1 newcastle
yesss remy !! newcastle 1-0 tottenham ! get in
get in remy ! come on newcastle haha !
loic remy !!!!! yesss a newcastle win is good . 😃
won't be ninth if newcastle win tho deserved that goal it's like watching brazil
remy scored for newcastle
take it newcastle have scored , neighbour going nuts
what a quality goal from newcastle ! remy is lethal .
come on newcastle help is out again
1-0 newcastle ! fuck sake newcastle ! you always fuck my bets up !
tottenham 0-1 newcastle . loic remy races onto a threaded through ball rounds friedel and slots home with ease .
newcastle !!!!!!!!!!
3 more newcastle
newcastle for the league this year 😂
come on newcastle
is that newcastle or brazil ? happy days anyway !
good goal from newcastle , spurs should have done better
hahaha 1-0 to newcastle , spurs are all over the shop !
boom . magic start from newcastle
loic remy scores again , far to good a player to be at qpr/newcastle
remy ! 1-0 newcastle vs spuds
newcastle fully deserved that goal , brilliant pressing and pass from gouffran and great finish from remy , spurs 0-1 newcastle
hate newcastle but that was a good goal !
yess remy ! what a player ! 1-0 newcastle !
tottenham what are you doing !! what a play from the frenchmens
yes newcastle !! 1-0 up after 13 minutes .
get in newcastle !
get the fuck in newcastle
fair play newcastle were shit
remy is a bloody freak 
newcastle lead against spurs
buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut de loic rémy ( 12e ) 0-1 pour newcastle
spurs really starting to stutter a bit in the league . newcastle finally starting to play
goal spursss .......... i mean newcastle 
newcastle !!! beautiful play . must be those shirts .
brilliant pressing from newcastle and spurs all over the place . carry this on please !
go on newcastle
goal !!! 
goal to newcastle -____-
get in derr .. well done newcastle
1-0 newcastle ! remy again !
yes !! come on newcastle . quality from loic remy !!!
great play newcastle remy good goal 1-0
newcastle 1-0 up ! go on boys
newcastle on a mad one
tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united ; loic remy ! what a boss !
remy , newcastle 1-0 spurs
gwonn newcastle
get in newcastle !! 
newcastle scores !
newcastle scores .
remy is too good for newcastle
watching bpl on nbc because i can ... vs 
great start for newcastle
what are they putting in the water at newcastle ....
yes newcastle
yes newcastle !!!
that was a beauty ! 
newcastle are on fire
newcastle been brilliant
come on newcastle !
go on newcastle
loic remy makes it sweet for newcastle ... tot 0 - new 1
loic remy !!! come on newcastle !!!!!
remy is storming ahead at the mo . spurs0 newcastle 1
remy put newcastle ahead .
how sloppy does tottenham wanna get ?
well done newcastle 👍
his impact alone will make newcastle's season a good'un
newcastle are playing some incredible through balls today , top finish from remy though .
newcastle have been the better side by far .
remy scores for newcastle
goal !!! tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle unite(loic remy 13 ' )
if newcastle don't get remy on a permanent deal they're complete mugs
remy scores for newcastle .... cmon lah spurs !
newcastle were 7/1 !
remy is actually a top player , why go to newcastle ?
premier league : tottenham 0x1 newcastle . gooooooooooooooollllllllll do newcastle !!! remy , 12'-1t .
goal ! loic remy puts newcastle in front at white hart lane with a clinical finish in the 13th minute .
newcastle 1-0 up ! remy
newcastle have been class 👅
oh remy ... spurs 0-1 newcastle .
newcastle
a deserved newcastle goal - 
newcastle deserved that goal 1-0
what are tottenham doing , quality finih from remy
getting outplayed by newcastle embaressing
come on newcastle ! 
tottenham loosing lol
yes , remy , yes ! 1-0 newcastle
goal for newcastle , remy . ods
newcastle are slaughtering the silly spuds , a good start to the super sunday hat trick 
could do with tottenham getting battered today !
1-0 newcastle . come on !!
hahahaha come on newcastle ! good finish remy !
remy scores . what a goal . newcastle lead .
newcastle yeah
great goal newcastle .
tottenham are shit . have said it for time . they always get those jammy lucky goals .
newcastle just applied mad pressure and it banged .
that's excellent pressing for the newcastle goal . my word !
well deserved goal for newcastle
newcastle beating spurs !
newcastle are playing class , remy's class . cabaye is too .
just as i speak 😁🎉🎊👍 com'on newcastle ......
lop ! newcastle score xd
fuck off newcastle .
no liking the newcastle kit , but i liked that
good to see newcastle haven't done what most clubs do , in beating us one week and getting savagely destroyed the next .
tottenham trying to play good football is hilarious ! 
grandad just went mental , he loves when his team scores😂 
13 ' goal : loic remy | tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united 
come on newcastle !
superb stuff from newcastle ! what are spurs playing at ?
yes newcastle !
what a fantastic start by newcastle !! deserved that goal . class finish by remy 
come on newcastle !! dembele you wank cunt
tottenham lost man .. lol
good finish by remy , keep it going newcastle !
im too hungover to celebrate that newcastle goal
remy takes the ball around the keeper and scores , 1-0 newcastle , i like this guy . great finisher .
fucking hate newcastle
yesss newcastle ! knew loic would score !
yes remy ! loving this high pressure by newcastle 
go newcastle loic remy scores and its spurs 0 and newcastle 1 
remy just split tottenham open 👏
cumon newcastle yes hahaha
remy is surely too good for newcastle ?
tottenham look a shambles !
rèmy you beauty !! 1-0 to newcastle 
newcastle were brilliant in the last two minutes . love remy . absolute beast .
newcastle 1 up ! just like watching brazil ! 
yes ! newcastle scored
love that newcastle !
turn the tv on to see newcastle score against tottenham love that
is that brazil or newcastle ??
newcastle 🙊
clinical remy 1-0 newcastle
newcastle's away kit looks like the kit man forgot all their kit and had to nip to sports direct on the way to empty the bargain dump bins !
comon newcastle !!!
great start newcastle
that was an excellent goal from newcastle ! 
remmyyyyy newcastle have deserved this !!
seems like tottenham want newcastle to score . here have the ball
newcastle 1-0 up its been coming
unbelievable start by newcastle ! 
tottenham now do so much cunt .
tottenham 0-1 * newcastle united ( 13 ' ) remy !!!! sd
awful from tottenham .
i prefer newcastle to win this one !
spurs 0-1 newcastle , remy . deserved
what a goal by loic remy !! tot 1-0 newcastle
good finish loic remy , spurs 0-1 newcastle . 
tottenham are so over rated
tottenham playing very poor tho , how can you keep giving the ball away like that
gooaaalll remy !!!!! newcastle , what a start ! 
newcastle's pressing has been great . ruthless finish . spurs looking really ordinary .
paulinho that is so so weak ! deserved for newcastle ...
newcastle at the lead at white hart lane .
tottenham are stupid . they were trying to barcelona the ball out of their own half . odes
get in !!!! come on newcastle
good work newcastle united .
what are tottenham playing at , giving ball away constant
ooooh the tottenham are shite
come on newcastle
goal : tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy) . gouffran wins the ball from paulinho in midfield , remy rounds keeper and scores . wow !
oh , my bad . apparently it's just remy scoring for newcastle .
newscastle takes the lead ! against tottenham ! nice goal remy !
yes newcastle 😂
 1-0 to newcastle in the 12th minute . paulinho loses challenge in the midfield , remy gets through again and goes round friedel .
arsenal , newcastle , and sunderland wins tonight will make my day <3
yes tottenham is losing
goooooooolllllllll !!!!!" lol tottenham 0x1 newcastle remy
tottenham 0 newcastle 1 . loic remy scores his 7th goal of the season !
yessss newcastle !!!!!
what a pass by gouffran ! 1-0 newcastle lead !! great finish by remy !! 
buuut de remy pour newcastle 1-0
gutt newcastle
1-0 newcastle , terrible defending by spurs . newcastle have been the better team though
tottenham - newcastle 
i told everyone that newcastle will win today .
yea !!!!! leggo newcastle
yessssss newcastle !!
remy :d go on newcastle ! fuck the spurs !
yes newcastle
got newcastle and sunderland on a double ! 
fucking yes howay newcastle ⚽️
goallll woooooow get in there newcastle
1-0 newcastle shit defending from tottenham looool
newcastle for the title ?
howay the lads ! 
i have to say newcastle are playing sensationally 
yessss one to newcastle
newcastle have been all over spurs last 5 minutes . deserve that .
tottenham are fucking shit !!! 😂
newcastle have come dressed up as arsenal for their match against the spuds .... and it worked , yes remy !
newcastle goallllll remy
yes newcastle .
newcastle utd ☺
loic remy 1-0 
0-1 . remy scores . awful start from tottenham . too casual in defence
yes come on newcastle
yes newcastle , fully deserved !
newcastle on their day are as good as anyone really rate cabaye !
remy . bright start for newcastle bt what a terrible giveaway by paulinho
newcastle deserved that goal !
boa newcastle !
excellent team pressing from newcastle and there's the finisher !
newcastle are pleasing me .
loic remy gives newcastle the lead against tottenham . hahaha paulinho .
tottenham are shit
what a goal from newcastle , wonderful pressing , lovely trough ball , excellent finish
sorry tottenham 😪 loooool
remy ! class goal to put newcastle ahead . spurs started off well but a good few minutes for newcastle .
aha come on newcastle
well deserved newcastle lead
what ... well i need 2 goals from tottenham and i'm done👍
tottenham are so shite lol
damn newcastle united just opened up the spurs in two moves .... nice goal
newcastle ! goal ! remy :-d
boom ! newcastle
tottenham are shit
pathetic from tottenham
come on newcastle !!
1-0 newcastle c'mon
come-on newcastle !!
too much playing around with the ball in stupid areas ! deserved goal for newcastle ! 
remy !!!!!! quality from newcastle
yes newcastle you beauties !!!!!
get in newcastle !
great goal brazil . i mean , newcastle .
newcastle cap a wonderful period of domination with a goal . who else but remy !
goal !!! loic remy ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle !
thankyou newcastle
sort it out tottenham
that was so simple for newcastle
yes loic remy !!!! come on newcastle !!
spurs defending has been terrible so far . fancy newcastle to win this .
go on the newcastle . haha
nice one newcastle !
thank god i didn't go ahead with the bet and stick -1 tottenham on lol
get in newcastle !!
wow newcastle .
what a start from newcastle , spurs all over the place
newcastle on fireee
yes come on newcastle
i tell yuh newcastle go win
absolute comedy of errors by tottenham in that little spell .
the spurs defence is suddenly all over the place , and newcastle just carved them apart . remy makes it 1-0 .
what the ducks going on with newcastle ! amazing goal !
yes newcastle !
newcastle have started like a house on fire , remy is on a mission . parmo
great play by newcastle n goal by remy ! spurs r shit considerin he much money theyve spent ! ha
yes newcastle , fuck you spurs
newcastle scores , poor defending by spursa there
makes me happy seeing tottenham lose
go on newcastle !!
newcastle
excellent play from newcastle esp . remy . spurs down . :d
newcastle doing bits haha fuck u spurs
remy is in marvelous form !! bang 1-0 newcastle
daddy wanted to go watch the spurs-newcastle match , so i woke up , turned on the charm and convinced him to stay 
newcastle are on fire
newcastle just pressed spurs into a goal . fan-damn-tabulous . 0-1 from a remy put away . spurs caught completely off guard . well done , pards
gol del newcastle
fuck off you spurs cunts hahahhaa get in newcastle
come on newcastle 🙏
hope newcastle keep it up
fucking have it ! come on newcastle !!
loic remy is too underrated too good for newcastle
yes newcastle winning
yaaas ! newcastle :d waaay ! tottenham are crap
go on newcastle
newcastle to score , exactly what i want
come on newcastle ! 
1nil newcastle remy
deserved lead for newcastle , spurs lucky to only be 1 down , we need to target walker and dawson who are not switched on defensively today
love newcastle me . boss accent and boss pacey team so they win me over
i was just about to tweet saying a draw would be good for us , because i can't see newcastle doing much . hahahaha .
yeessss newcastle !!
 tottenham 0 newcastle 1 ( remy 13 ) - great finish from the one of many toon frenchmen .
oh fuck off loic remy , i've got tottenham to win on my accumulator !
spurs have been unbelievably bad , and friedel looks vulnerable . great start for newcastle .
newcastle 1-0 newcastle are more dangerous & remy is on fire
tottenham have all the big names but just crumble on the pitch ! 
newcastle take the lead . ah come on boys 
yes newcastle !
what a brilliant play from newcastle .
newcastle look like brazil in that kit ...
think spurs have been doing their best to give newcastle a goal !
tottenham that was pooorrrr ! cabaye going in
remy scores ! spurs 0-1 newcastle 
buut newcastle
newcastle ! yesssss 👌
size of paulinho , what a wimp ! tottenham started pants ! newcastle with a deserved lead ! amazingly ..
5/1 newcastle - flagged it yesterday - could this be a great day ??
1-0 newcastle loic remy hahaha
were half the tottenham team out on the piss last night ? shocking play do far . 
yes remy ! come on newcastle !
yes newcastle !!!
what a start by newcastle . spurs haven't started yet . 1-0 remy .
loool tottenham are shit
bpl is too hart for tottenham , just stay in europa league :)
12 - goal : remy scores for newcastle - 0-1 .
goooaaaalllllllll ... remy goes pass friedel .. great pass , good finish .. new castle 1 tottenham 0
newcastle take the lead at white hart lane ...
get in newcastle !! paulinho 
newcastle absolutely battering spurs early on , loving this
come on newcastle !
completely deserved by newcastle .
tottenham gotta do better than their usual 1-0 victories now 
never thought i'd say this but fuck yeah newcastle ! 
hope newcastle smash spurs !!
my bet could be over on the first game , this can not happen it will genuinely ruin my day , newcastle bastards
woooooooo pressure from newcastle to bloodclart hahaha
remy scores ! newcastle 1-0 spurs
come on newcastle ! what a goal .
loooooool sorry tottenham yeah ur just helping arsenal now
newcastle doing bits for liverpool
good touch by remy and good finish . newcastle 1up . great tempo so far .
that was very easy , so easy like a sunday morning , come on newcastle
come on newcastle !
spurs 0-0 newcastle - 13mins gone and after sloppy spurs play remy round freidel & scores 
tottenham are shit
newcastle <3
loic remy !!!!... punishes tottenham ... brilliant start
get in , newcastle fc !!!
1-0 down , to newcastle ?! i'm calling 3-2 spurs . 
yes newcastle
newcastle lead 1-0 . ( remy )
newcastle score !
go on newcastle
newcastle dey try
remy teaches spurs how it feels like playing with newcastle .
newcastle !
newcastle are playing very well here
big newcastle fan today ! 
shocking football from 
loic remy ! newcastle 1-0 tottenham . 
so weird seeing newcastle in yellow
newcastle take a deserved lead at white hart lane . been well on top in the last ten minutes 
yes newcastle !!
yessss newcastle 1 up
goalllll tottenham 0-1 newcastle
newcastle pumped as hell ! good pressure
yes newcastle
hold on newcastle , get in there
get in newcastle ! 
wakey wakey , spurs ! sloppy so far and deserved lead for newcastle !
remy is a beast , come on newcastle
remy is better than newcastle
clear your lines tottenham you shower of shits !
newcastle scoreeeeeeee . ^_^ you're are shite , you are shite , tottenham hotspur you're shit .
go newcastle !! woooo
goal newcastle
come on newcastle
i called newcastle to get a result against spurs yesterday !!
lovely finish from remy to give newcastle 1-0 , well deserved goal from newcastle remy looks sharp
who are you and what have you done with newcastle united ?
goal tottenham 0 newcastle 1 ( remy) . clinical finish from loic remy 
a well deserved goal for newcastle . 
this birthday just gets better ... tottenham losing .. love it
7 goals for remy . let's go newcastle .
haha come on newcastle . great ball by goufrann
great start for newcastle !
yes ! get in newcastle ! 
g'wan newcastle ! 1-0
newcastle . remy ! 
good ol ' newcastle
yes newcastle !! remy 
and newcastle go one up at spurs ..
newcastle are epic scoring against the big teams
newcastle have the lead
13 ' - 0-1 - remy ( newcastle ) vs 
remy !! 1-0 newcastle
1-0 newcastle . mistake in the middle of the park . remy played through , rounds brad and puts it in an empty net .
get in there newcastle !!!!!
what a start from newcastle
1-0 to newcastle and deserved ! 
1-0 pour newcastle
newcastle are looking in fine form . would be great if they gave spurs a good bollocking .
yes newcastle !
tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle gol de remy
newcastle lead ... hopefully it stays the same
get in newcastle ! we are tearing them apart ! 
come on newcastle !!
fucking love remy !!! 
why are newcastle wearing our away colours ?!
how bad at tottenham ? dembele is useless !!!!!
that was absolutely terrible spell of play and deserved goal for newcastle 
newcastle !!!!
10 past 12 and i've just see the drunkest man in the world . and newcastle have just scored , a good couple of minutes entertainment .
go newcastle !!
go on newcastle ! 1-0
c'mon newcastle !
newcastle should have scored 3 or 4 in the last 5 minutes
the money tottenham have spent and there shitter than they were last season 😆
newcastle have been playing brilliant !!
buuuuut de loic remy !!! 1-0 pour newcastle 
ohh that's neat from newcastle . very well taken by remy .
newcastle *
hagahaga come on arsenal . tottenham . chelsea . united . huge gap growing !!!! shit
remy is quality , 1-0 newcastle 
goaaaaaaaaal remy !! tot 0-1 newcastle .
newcastle are so big and strong ! well deserved goal , remy is a boss .
remy teaching tottenham some lesson .
loic remy , boom ... spuds trailing newcastle 1-0
 gooaalll ! 13 ' tottenham 0-1 newcastle * . remy
hey , tottenham , you suck . 
goal ! tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united ( loic remy , 13 ' ) 
one of my favorite newcastle goals . the pressure we put them under was what we've been begging to see and it's paid off !!
newcastle winning as predicted
thank you newcastle !!! keep it up !
quality player remy . too good for newcastle 
go on newcastle , remy was a top signin for them
fs tottenham get the finger out !
ffs tottenham
fucking shit defending tottenham
hahahahah 1-0 newcastle , remyyyyy . tottenham's centre defence offered no resistance , poor defending
get in newcastle !! 
comon newcastle !!!!
holy shit . newcastle 1-0 tottenham
shock tottenham concede when lloris isn't in goal
loic remy scores 4 newcastle !! yay !!! 1.5 .
get in newcastle
get in remy what a start newcastle
yes newcastle
come on newcastle ya cert yee
remy you baller .. get in there newcastle ! deserved that .. spurs 0-1 newcastle
goal ! tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united ( loic remy , 13 ' ) 
tottenham collapse for 5 minutes and newcastle look like a different team !
so want newcastle to win this
get in the newcastle ! beat those spuds !
how does it feel to be tottenham how does it feel too be small
i really love newcastle lately !!
what's the tottenham defence doing though ahaha
goooooallll number 7 for loic remy . 7 goals in 7 matches . fine pass from goufran tottenham 0-1 newcastle
can't help imagine what tottenham would be like with gareth bale still in their team . bale , eriksen & townsend would be shit hot !
goal ! tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united ( loic remy , 13 ' ) 
come on ! 1 nil :-)
fuck you spurs . come on newcastle
loic remy wasted at newcastle .
tottenham's brad friedel made his premiership debut for liverpool when he was 26 . he is 42+
if we lose to newcastle , i will be the moodiest , bitchiest girl in the whole entire world .
typical tottenham !
newcastle abusing the through balls to remy . sweaty as fuck .
butt de remy 1-0 pour newcastle
get in newcastle !
tottenham's defence is a shambles ! ah well , remy saving my ff team
tottenham-newcastle 0-(1 ) but de loic remy ( 13 ' ) 
come on newcastle
hope newcastle keep this lead up
ffs tottenham , put vertoghen as my captain and dawson in aswell .
yesssss newcastle boop boop
you need to think faster paulinho ..... newcastle 1-0 spurs
gooooooooooooooal remy for newcastle . tottenham 0-1 newcastle
well that's been coming , loic remy , 1-0 newcastle .
lol already newcastle ??
here we go fucking pathetic demble being careless again and paulinho lapping a tackle 1-nil newcastle
newcastle rate that !!
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . it has been coming over the last few minutes . loic remy with a nice finish to give the away side the lead .
tottenham are wank also .
yes newcastle !
great goal go on newcastle !
come on tottenham !!!!! sort it out !!!
1-0 to - and it had been coming . remy rounds friedel to score after lovely gouffran pass . 7 in 7 for remy now .
tottenham are shocking man ! remy's on fire 👏
great start for newcastle
pwouah newcastle !
what's happened to newcastle lately😮
twist of fate . remy scores , 1-0 to newcastle .
fuck sake tottenham useless cunts , act like you want to play at least !
twelve minutes in to the game at spurs , loïc remy puts newcastle 1-0 up !
go on newcastle
so brazil are beating tottenham yeah ..? get on remy me old pal
fuck me go on newcastle
another decent finish from remy .... c'mon newcastle !!
tottenham need to fling on defoe from now . ffs 😩
newcastle doing well by pressing high up ... deserved the goal
newcastle's kit is sensational .
tottenham really put themselves into trouble by some careless passing at the back
remyyy you beauty , 0-1 newcastle .
newcastle deserve that for their pressure . well done remy . composed . nothing to do with formations there , just spurs fucking up .
i was gonna bet on newcastle still don't think they will win though
do newcastle look good or do spurs look shit ? newcastle could have had three or four in the last few minutes . at least they managed one .
newcastle 1up
one nil !!!!! newcastle game turn up
newcastle playing like brazil at the moment
newcastle deservedly ahead .. poor from paulinho to lose the ball in the centre of the park and gouffran plays remy through and round friedel
rémy puts newcastle 1-0 up at spurs ... it had been coming .
yesssss newcastle
urgh hate newcastle ! twats
tottenham fucking sucks
newcastle deserve that goal
spurs 0 - 1 newcastle
tottenham 0-1 newcastle .. stupid paulinho
tottenham vs newcaste checken ( 0-1 )
1-0 newcastle . great composure by remy .
full deserved newcastle
yes ! come on newcastle !
newcastle are playing boss here , fair play . limbs in their end .
remy gives newcastle the lead , seems after chelsea they are out for a 2nd scalpe in the row
fucking get in !! deserved that come on newcastle !!! 
remy makes it 1-0 to newcastle
get in newcastle
good start from newcastle
omfgggggg c'mon newcastle get me £250
thank you newcastle !!!
come on newcastle ! remyyyyyyy !!!
get in ! switch on sky sports to see paulinho not following the challenge through and remy capitalising to make it tottenham 0 newcastle 1 !
newcastle lead
what a ball , what a finish . come on newcastle😂
yes newcastle
goal !!! tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle united(loic remy 13 ' )
brazilia inscrie pe white hart lane . remy sprinteaza de langa chiriches , 1-0 newcastle .
remy is to good for newcastle 
spurs 0-1 newcastle remy !!!! has been coming
newcastle hahahahuababhhvhh
newcastle goall .
gooaaall newcastle ...... . off spuds
yes newcastle , yid scum
very nice newcastle .
golo do newcastle
yes newcastle !
newcastle fully deserve that 
newcastle 1-0 loic remy , jobba spurs !
come on tottenham sort this out .
newcastle tho
newcastle are playing class
great goal from remy 
1-0 newcastle remy ever so calm
yesssss 1-0 newcastle
gooaalll newcastle remy 1-0
newcastle beating tottenham yoh
nice newcastle !! deserved .
tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( loic remy 13 ' )
alright dad calm down ya don't need to throw the dog in the air when newcastle score ✋
goooooal for newcastle
get in there newcastle !!!! 😃
goal newcastle !
get in newcastle ! 
goal : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle ( remy , 13 mins ) 
newcastle deserved that
yes newcastle
go on newcastle
goal ! what a start for newcastle as remy gives them the lead
 think they with this away kit
yes newcastle
get in there come newcastle
c'mon newcastle !! 
newcastle up up
13 newcastle goal remy this time nobody can save spurs as remy gets around friedel from a counter tottenham 0 newcastle 1
loic !!! great high pressure from newcastle , fantastic ball by gouf and cool finish from remy !! howay the lads
newcastle are playing awesome here . spurs whats going on ?
goal di remy per il newcastle yay
wow , i'm done . 
goaaaaal newcastle
amazing goal by newcastle . what a pass to release him
1-0 to ...
tottenham 0-1 newcastle remey goal
prediction : win for newcastle , draw at sunderland and utd win .
loic remy goal . but what were tottenham thinking putting a 70 year old as goalkeeper ? :/
brilliant from newcastle give spurs no time or space on the ball push them high up the park and force them to make mistakes ! good game this
as newcastle score . remy is class
newcastle playing some good stuff
goal !!! newcastle remy ...
newcastle are class on their day
always thought remy was shite but he's deffo come on this season like . get in newcastle
goal newcastle ! they lead 0-1 against tottenham at the whl . 
remy is on fire !!! brilliant time to be a newcastle fan haha
yes newcastle
that was absolute quality !! get in newcastle !!
remy scores in the 13th minute . brilliant start for newcastle
come on newcastle !
love that newcastle !
yes , come on newcastle !
yess newcastle !!!!
homaigawd ! goal ! take the lead against spurs ! is it gonna be the second upset in as many weeks ? 
tottenham getting raped here
newcastle
goal ! go on newcastle !
remy ! 1-0 newcastle !!!
get in newcastle all over spurs
oh for fuck sake newcastle
just turn on the tele and newcastle score hahaha 
remy ! 1-0 newcastle
i rate loic remy . good player . spuds 0-1 newcastle
one of the best strikers around stuck at newcastle . can do so much more
get in newcastle
1-0 to newcastle ! brilliant ! remy is a quality player !
yes get in newcastle clinical finish from remy suck on that spurs
remy is so so good , love that he still belongs to us ! if newcastle want him they're gonna have to pay millions
 are asleep at the back . no wonder they are 1-0 down .
tottenham are diabolical at the moment . so frustrating !!
are tottenham getting a little complacent atvthr back - given their solidness in recent weeks ?
 tottenham - newcastle
come on newcastle !!!! spuds 0 newcastle 1
tottenham are sooooooo dead loooool 1-0 already
deserved newcastle goal
remyyyyyyyyy !!!! spurs 0-1 newcastle !!
tottenham's defence is shit
that is some serious pressure from newcastle . paid off
remyyyyyyy !!!! come on you newcastle !!
spurs 1-0 newcastle
remyyyyyyy ... 0-1 newcastle ( 13 ' ) 
tottenham 0-1 newcastle - loic remy . fucking hell i don't fucking believe it > =o
goal !!! tottenham newcastle 0:1
dembele is unreal but he tries things he shouldn't . he doesn't take them risks , then newcastle dont score .
yes newcastle !!
loic remy has been on fire . 1-0 newcastle . 7 goals in 7 games . 
fuck yes newcastle thanks
yess newcastle 1-0
goaaallll !! loic remy ! 14 ' tottenham 0-1 newcastle 
fuck fuck ,, newcastle have scored .. we now need to score more than them .. 
spoke too soon , c’mon newcastle !!
 60/40 in his favour and bottles it . what happens seconds later newcastle score . take the twat off
goal newcastle . 
newcastle united goall ! 1-0 !
come on newcastle !
bpl is too hard for tottenham , just stay in europa league :)
newcastle are on a roll !
lols newcastle 1-0 up on the spuds
brilliant pressing from newcastle for that goal
newcastle lookin dangerous every time they go forward 
gol del newcastle ...
remy !! 0-1 at the lane . yet another goal for loic . 7 in 7 . fantastic signing for newcastle .
newcastle causin trouble down south lool
remy is a quality finisher !! newcastle will do well if they keep hold of him this summer .
1-0 newcastle . they wanna do a chelsea again . remi is class as well . ohh and arsenal are happy atm
look dangerous newcastle do
deffo lay newcastle
newcastle 1-0 tottenham ! loic remy <3 !
newcastle , you lovely northern bastards !
loic remy you babe !! 
newcastle pressuring so much , their own fault
newcastle are like brazil ! samba like football , get in there !
knew i should have bet 2-0 newcastle fuck off
bang !!! 
yes yes newcastle !!! 😆👏 
newcastle revolution
go go newcastle
get in newcastle
yes 1-0 newcastle !! come on . hahahah spurs . oh dear lol :d
newcastle 1 up :)
spurs fans this time newcastle have scored ! 
come on newcastle ! 
yes newcastle 1-0
why is remy at newcastle , he's better than them
are you tottenham in diguise ??
 – goal alert : tottenham hotspur 0-1 * newcastle united *( remy 13 ’) 
newcastle are on a roll ! first chelsea and now they are beating tottenham !
sat in the pub watching the newcastle match ! :d 
wins for newcastle , sunderland and arsenal would be a perfect 
yesss newcastle . remy has realllyyyyy impressed me !
remy breaks and slides one in , tottenham 0-1 ! 
remy ... newcastle ahead .
remy 🙌 1-0 newcastle
loic remy is class ! perfect strike partner for giroud !! newcastle should beat the scumtottenham
c'mon newcastle !
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . it has been coming over the last few minutes . loic remy with a nice finish to give the away side the lead .
remyyy go on newcastle !!
oh gawd newcastle playing !!!
too easy for newcastle . remy is on fire though !
what the fuck , tottenham ?
this newcastle side could do some serious damage
get in be ace if win this game !!
team newcastle !!
0-1 newcastle .. remy 13mins
tottenham loosing . ha
 playing like brazil , must be the kit 
get in newcastle
go on newcastle . good start to a massive day
newcastle look solid
newcastle need to sign remy on a permanent deal ..
newcastle needed to score there . spurs were " literally " on the ropes for 5 minutes .
newcastle s remy nets in 1
tidy finish by remy 1-0 newcastle ...
already slightly regretting watching the football with a newcastle fan .
newcastle !
newcastle without ben arfa and still winning big games !! 
0-1 newcastle ! remy !
comon newcastle !! 
tottenham look really shabby
what defending tottenham ?
c'mon newcastle !
goal 13 ' loic remy tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united 
loic remy funker for newcastle .
it's newcastle . seriously ?
spurs doing their best to help out newcastle . shambles
fuck that i need tottenham to win
that was a fairly good goal from 
newcastle deserved that . nightmare for spurs now because they can just sit back and hit on the break .
newcastle look like brazil and are playing like them
hahaha tottenham losing , it just gets better and better as an arsenal fan
get in newcastle 
remy gives newcastle the lead at the lane ! 12mins .
fuck off newcastle - . -
newcastle goal
tottenham all ore place . typical cos i've fucking backed em
0-1 - remy ( newcastle ) : tottenham vs newcastle ( 13 ' ) vs 
remy is ruthless . newcastle's player of the season so far . 
perfect so far , newcastle beating spurs
why the fuck am i in vietnam . watching tottenham verses newcastle ? 
tottenham all over the shop
oh come on tottenham . get scoring ffs
bad bad tottenham's midfield .
loic remy you bloody bad boy , 1-0 newcastle
gol do newcastle !!!!
newcastle thanks you
don't even like newcastle but
yaaaaas remy . newcastle arsenal 21/1 double . mon
newcastle are leading . should probably watch the game now
yes get in newcastle 1 spuds nil
yesssss newcastle . get in there
newcastle all day
tuende kazi newcastle .
remmmy u beast spurs 0-1 newcastle
deserved that , get in newcastle .
newcastle sont bouillants en ce moment
latest .,... spurs 0 newcastle 1 ... hahahahha ! spurs top 4 standard my arse .
yes newcastle ! knew i should of put remy in my fantasy football team
tottenham that was pathetic 
£9 up happy days !!! 
newcastle is disappointing - from relegation to 5th to near relegation again - idk what they'll do this year
tottenham hotspurs are shit lol ..
12 ' waduuuuhhhhhh ............... kebobolan permisa ........ | tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 ( remy 12 ' ) newcastle | 
remy is in superb form . neat finish from the frenchman . newcastle lead 1-0 .
yesss come on newcastle !
yessss newcastle !!!
great goal newcastle ! they used to say remy is the new henry 
goal spurs 0-1 newcastle ( 13 mins ) gouffran slips the ball through to loic remy , who takes it around friedel before slotting home 
yes come on newcastle !
spurs 0-1 newcastle - 13mins gone and after sloppy spurs play remy round freidel & scores 
haha go on newcastle !!
newcastle !
yes newcastle
yessssss newcastle
newcastle are on fire this first half . must be that random yellow shirt they've sided with today ?
go on the newcastle !
yes newcastle !!
newcastle 1~0 spurs
get in there remmmyyy !!!! some beautiful play by newcastle so far !! 
newcastle all over spurs
yes remy ! quality pass from gouffran . hate spurs so much come on newcastle .
tottenham hospurs 0-1 newcastle united ( loic remy )
remy lad , come on newcastle
newcastle sont choo en ce moment
get in newcastle
come on newcastle ! get in remy ! 
the best thing about late kick off is watching remy put newcastle 1-0 up against spurs .
newcastle come on 1-0
tottenham can no longer settle for the 0-0
goal ! newcastle take the lead care of remy ! 0-1
very impressive start from newcastle . remy one of the best finishers in the premiership . decent away end also
come on newcastle !!! 
goal newcastle ! loic remy with a thierry henry like finish
come on newcastle !!!!! get in
come on newcastle !! 
hahahaha ! up yours spuds ! great play by newcastle ! good finish by remy !
soldado's awful miss for spurs has been punished by remy giving newcastle the lead at white hart lane
tottenham have been awful in the first 10 mins
we were absolutely determined to give newcastle that lead . what on earth where we doing ?
great goal by shearer 
newcastle gol .. remy
get in newcastle , what a start to my little treble ! 
good ball good finish .... newcastle lead 
is remy on loan there or did newcastle buy him .
newcastle scores ! so far so good .
remyyyyyyyyyyyyyy newcastle leaddd !!!
doesn't matter newcastle are gonna end up selling remy in january anyway
what a great game of football so far tottenham v newcastle . 
good break from newcastle , good goal !
had a bad feeling about this game . newcastle can play . 
 were looking for that one , nice goal remy 1up
newcastle take lead at whl . remy with a superb goal . 
remy scores , wow , points for me and oh spurs are down ! come on newcastle 
good lord what are spurs doing in the midfield ? 1-0 to newcastle . nicely taken remy .
c'mon newcastle 
facings of v in all seasons 38matchs won15 drew6 won 17goals 61-56 for magbith
remy is a problem 
yeaaaa newcastle scored !
yes newcastle 👏
tottensham 0-1 newcastle : how will the referees rescue this for spurms ?
tottenham 0-1 newcastle
if tottenham lose and man united win we are deffo back in the title race .
looks like newcastle are pressing like bourisia dortmund ! 
remy ! come on newcastle !
brilliant goal by newcastle , spurs now need to score 2 .. something they rarely do .
remy !!!! 1-0 newcastle , suicidal past few minutes from spurs .
omo . newcastle dey hawt o . goal
newcastle play such nice football how are they not up challenging
yes ! great goal by newcastle ! hate sp*ds !!!!
goaallll remy 1-0 
come on newcastle !
mantap newcastle ni . loic remy . 1-0
newcastle at shite hart lane 
get in there newcastle 
newcastle scored remy , poor last 5mins of football by tottenham
hahaha . go go go newcastle . beat tottenham .
loic remy is too good to be playing for newcastle
fantastic football from newcastle united ! 
buen gol del newcastle de remy
tottenham have started so slowly . easy for newcastle
goooaaalll loic remy !!! newcastle lead against the spuds !
remyyyyyyyy score newcastle 1-0 spurs
come on newcastle keep this up !
tottenham are playing worse than fc kebab
newcastle 1-0 sp*rs remy !
remy score for newcastle
yeees newcastle .
newcastle looked useless and spurs looked class for ten minutes . then it completely switched !
tottenham are a fucking joke .
newcastle 1-0 up at spurs after 11 minutes , brad friedels too old
how does it feel to be tottenham ?
tottenham look shit . however that chiceres lad looks decent .
loic remy !!! said from the 1st day i see him play ! easily 1 of the best finishers in prem ! to good for us and newcastle !
we didn't create a chance in 90 minutes against spurs . newcastle have scored against them after 13 minutes 
goal ! remy puts newcastle infront o -1*newcastle [ 13 *]
haha 1-0 newcastle , spurs are fucking woeful , how are they on 20 points hahahaha
newcastle !!!!
goal| tottenham hotspur tegen new castle united 1-0
13 min : tottenham 0-1 newcastle goal : remy assist : gouffran
probably appropriate that newcastle look like they're wearing our away colours ...
yes remy , newcastle playing like they did last week !
remy anytime .. and newcastle to win .. 😏😏😏 !! 
is this newcastle or brazil ? can't quite tell and that's not just because of the kits , some excellent football . remy makes it 1-0 .
gj loic remy ! newcastle lead spurs 1-0
come on newcastle !!
yes newcastle !
brilliant start by newcastle v spuds . remy is really on form
wat a play frm . remy scores nd made a lead on d board . 
newcastle !! loic remy is pure quality !!
tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle goallll : remy ! get in
no newcastle no no no
goal for newcastle ! 😞
yess remy ! spurs 0-1 newcastle !!
newcastle take a lead at white hart lane . remy on fireeee
remy scores tot 0-1 newcastle
remy scores , newcastle lead 1-0 . poor defending all round from spurs , can't keep giving the ball away in the middle of the park so cheaply .
 very laxidasical in the centre of midfield and made them pay . brilliant start for . 
omw ! remi rounds up friedel to slot the ball in 0 - 1 game on !!!
newcastle !
choose your matches for today____________dormunt vs bayarn/man u vs arsenal _______spurs vs newcastle " live "
great goal remy ! newcastle 1 goal up
13 ' remy scores the first one for newcastle
where's all the tottenham fans on my tl 😂
yes c'mon newcastle !! !
newcastle or draw looks good value now ! might be a profitable sunday ! 👌👍
well worked goal by newcastle , good finish by remy
newcastle won't win this
remy was a superb signing for newcastle . for €6m , he could have been a bargain . maybe next summer ?
ffs tottenham😡
go on newcastle 
if newcastle keep this up tottenham will go down by 5 or 6 .
great goal from remy in the spurs/newcastle game . strange goings on in the premier league right now . spurs still a work in progress .
i've got newcastle down to win , don't rate tottenham at all ! all they do is win 1-0 from penaltys 😂
tell u what , what a player loic remy is , great business by newcastle getting hold of him
tottenham are so shit😂
good goal by newcastle .
that newcastle away kit looks surprisingly like our away kit ...
tottenham spend over £10million ... still shit .
what a wonderful start to the day ! go on newcastle . foys . 
surprised at how this game's started , wasn't expecting newcastle to do so well , remy is a class forward though .
newcastle !!!!!!!
newcastle should do whatever they can to try and get loic remy permanently . got a feeling a few top clubs will be after him too .
tottenham are absolutely shite .
how the hell remy ended up in newcastle , i have no idea
shocking tottenham
newcastle winning already naughty
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane .
wow , that was the type of goal newcastle usually concede not score . remy makes such a difference .
great goal loic remy . paulinho was very poor in losing possession in midfield , gouffran did well and newcastle deserve their lead . 1-0 nufc
newcastle giving spurs the early run-around and deservedly lead . cool finish from loic remy .
nice one remy ! woo go newcastle beat the shit out of spurs
fuck off newcastle you wankers
how bad are tottenham !!!??
remy is playing hell with this tottenham defence . very good player .
he's such a class finisher , newcastle will surely try and get him permanently
great dart from newcastle , remy with the opener 1-0
wow .. how good is newcastle playing ... can't figure which one is tottenham and which one is newcastle 
loic remy ....... 0-1 newcastle united 
newcastle deserved that
 take the lead via loic remi and a fantassticc balll from the midfield ! absolute surprise for 
tottenham will miss lloris not in goal always puts in a good performance
tottenham r so shit loool
fuck me newcastle are slappin spurs !!!
yes newcastle
1nl to newcastle get in toon toon black and white army
newcastle have borrowed brazil's kit .
could see that one coming . tottenham have started down the shitter💩
newcastle !!!!!!!! 
newcastle are on fire 
remy ! newcastle goal ! 
spurs 0-1 newcastle , lmfao ! grate play by paulineo !
keep calm and pass to loic remy . 1-0 to newcastle .
but de loic remy 😜 
yeayy newcastle sudah leading
remy !! 1 a 0 newcastle
remy scores !! common newcastle .
goool del newcastle . gol de remy . error de paulinho . tottenham 0-1 newcastle
get in ! you fucking beauty !!! spurs 0 newcastle 1 
tottenham can't be this shitty .
lets all laugh at tottenham nah nah nah
 !!!!! come on newcastle fuck tottenham
remmmmmmyyy 1-0 !!! newcastle ❤ 
this is how feels to be tottenham this how it feels to be shit . this is how it feels when you get smashed by dirty leeds scum !
been coming that newcastle deserve to be leading average spurs
come on tottenham wake up
1-0 newcastle 
nice goal remy .. newcastle 1-0 spurs
class finish by remy , newcastle deserve that .
newcastle did well getting that loan done early
yes newcastle keep it up you cunts
goal ! tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle ( remy )
goal for newcastle . pressing spurs high up the pitch . weak from paulinho . slid through for remy , round friedel and scores . 0-1 . darn .
yes newcastle !
goalllll lewwe go newcastle
good pressing from newcastle !
brilliant start 4m newcastle .. remy again
of course i turn the football on when newcastle score
just about to put spurs on my accumulator then newcastle score , my have just been saved
lol spurs gowan newcastle
newcastle looking good here for all 3 points keep it going lads
newcastle scores
newcastle take the lead , spurs not having it all their own way at home .
fully deserved lead for newcastle , they've been excellent so far . great pressing high up the pitch , and well taken goal by remy 
newcastle just scored against spurs away . very impressing
newcastle have to buy remy .
go on newcastle we want 5 hahahah
remy !!!! sit done you yids ! newcastle have bossed spurs in the first 15 minutes !
fuck off tottenham ! shitting out of tackles !
remmmyy ! newcastle 1-0 spurs !
ffs newcastle , stop winning & sack pardew
toxic 0 , newcastle 1 . logic remy opens the scoring & the rest of the country purrs with delight .
it's been all newcastle at the moment cabaye and remy
newcastle copied brazils kit
is right remy lad !!! who the fuck are tottenham hotspurs
fair play newcastle spurs are shocking to watch a good team was always gonna catch them out 
nice newcastle
newcastle ils sont bouillante
remy to score & newcastle to win 9/1 hope you all jumped on it with willhill
tottenham are looking shakey
wow great goal newcastle
all down my newsfeed newcastle , newcastle that , newcastle this ...
ahah tottenham are losing , can this day get any better ?? it can if arsenal beat man u !!!!
you give remy that space and that's what he does ! poor defending by tottenham there !
lovely work from remy ! newcastle 1-0 up after 13minutes .
newcastle's press is hurting spurs
amazingly sloppy defending from tottenham there . remy should never have been given the opportunity to score .
as if newcastle winning 
newcastle started well here
who are this side and what have they done with the newcastle i know
brilliant by newcastle
fucking hate newcastle !!!
newcastle !
nice finish by loic remy . newcastle in the ascendancy .
goal for newcastle
yes newcastle ! 1-0 up against sp*rs 
that's been coming . pathetic play from dembele . do spurs think they're that much better than newcastle that they can walk by them ?
get on newcastle !!! started really well 
such a sweet finish from remy . newcastle should look into buying him permanently .
tottenham with a terrible 5mins !
newcastle one
goal newcastle ! newcastle press high up the pitch and paulinho loses the ball , remy is then played in , rounds the keeper and taps it in
3-0 newcastle i reckon
want newcastle to beat spurs now and sunderland to beat city later , so if we win later we go above them 
lets all laugh at tottenham 
although credit where credits due , newcastle have been the better side so far . been rewarded for their early effort
poor spurs defending leads to remy putting newcastle united ahead . 0-1 .
tottenham are so shit
get in there newcastle ;)
ayo newcastle ... remy goaall
that's the way uhuh uhuh i like it . get in newcastle . great assist .
good goal remy ! can feel a newcastle win !
newcastle have had 4 attemps
score , spurs 0-1 newcastle
newcastle though !
holy cow , remy is freaking fast ! newcastle 1 spurs 0 ! 
tottenham are so shit at home this season 
newcastle taking spurs to the cleaners so far !!
okay i think im gonna enjoy this spurs newcastle game
yes newcastle 
after those last 2 minutes against newcastle spurs should be investigated for match fixing .
newcastle should have score 4 already .
good start for newcastle
yes newcastle !!!! make this a super sunday c'mon lads
loic remy again !!!!!!! newcastle 1 up at spurs !!!!! what player
 – goal alert : tottenham hotspur 0-1 * newcastle united *( remy 13 ’) 
fantastic goal from remy ! wow . really impressed with newcastle with his presence upfront . 
get in there newcastle ! up the geordies !!
top finish by remy . newcastle deserve to be in front
 . goal 
come on newcastle
yes newcastle
like what i've seen this season from newcastle , in particular remy !! 
remy puts newcastle 1 up at shite hart lane . get in ! would be a great january signing
tottenham are shit let's be honest
remy is too clinical . newcastle should definitely buy him😭👏
remy is a clinical striker fits in newcastle
even tottenham fans have to admit how below average this team looks every week
get in newcastle !! 
loic remy 1 nil newcastle
le newcastle is one nil up . dear lord .
newcastle ahead at tottenham ! good feeling about today !
newcastle take the early lead . loic remy is put through one on one with friedel and finishes competently . 0-1 
come on newcastle !!!
spurs 0 newcastle 1 󾍇digger
remy is too good for newcastle or qpr
newcastle playing well . spurs could really do with a penalty here
newcastle united 1 spuds 0 foys 
fuck off newcastle ahead already ?
good goal newcastle tbf . paulinho very weak in the tackle . good pass , great finish .
tottenham have conceded after 4 and a half hours of football to loic remy's sublime finish ! 1-0 newcastle 
come on newcastle
go on newcastle
come on newcastle !
really tottenham ....
newcastle deserve that goal for a few minutes of non stop pressing high up the pitch
what's it loic to be tottenham ?
spurs 1-0 newcastle ( remy )
1-0 newcastle remy
tottenham 0-1 newcastle
14 ' ) tottenham hotspur [ 0 - 1 ] newcastle united < england - premier league >
man like remy ! 1-0 newcastle ! come on spurs what's happening ? 😅😅😆😆
newcastle all over spurs . goal well deserved
newcastle beating spurs can this weekend's results get better ? 
ffs why can tottenham not keep a clean sheet
get in newcastle , tottenham are so overrated its unbelievable
one nil newcastle 
newcastle well deserved that goal . great finish from remy .
i've got newcastle down on my bet as well .
tottenham pls nw
at white hart lane facings of v in all seasons 19matchs won12 drew1 won 6 goals 36-22 forspurs
come on newcastle !!!!
fuck sake tottenham
goal alert : tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy )
newcastle 1 up . get in
loic remy !!!!! tottenham 0 - newcastle 1 !!
remy has to be amongst the best premier league signings this season . newcastle would be nowhere without him .
 goal ! tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united ( loic remy 13') .
gooolll remy 13 ' ( tottenham 0 - newcastle 1 )
deserved lead for newcastle , tidy finish from remy . we need him back ! 
newcastle are onnit !
mistakes all over the shop there from spurs . that newcastle goal looked like it was coming 
remy gives newcastle the lead at the lane 1-0
if newcastle still had martins they'd have some drunk strike force
newcastle are such a bipolar team . one week they're superb , then you believe in them and they lay an egg . great so far here though
haha newcastle scored ???
newcastle have started class
3 fantastic games on today ! tottenham v newcastle on now 0-1 sunderland v man city 14:05 man utd v arsenal 16:10 
if remy has a good season at newcastle should arsenal try buy him ?
tottenham are frustrating me atm
yes newcastle
come on newcastle another ruin spurs today 1-0 so far
gouffran cleverly plays through remy who rounds friedel and puts newcastle in the lead at whl !
13 mins : goal 0-1 ( remy) . newcastle are ahead thanks to loic remy . he races through , rounds friedel and slots home . 0-1 
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . remy !
hoping for newcastle , sunderland and united to win🙏
merda gol do newcastle
newcastle's final ball has been excellent ao far . a well deserved lead to be honest .
newcastle totally deserved that goal .
fantastic finish by loic remy , his 7th goal in 7 matches . tottenham 0-1 newcastle .
fuck off newcastle !
newcastle , swansea , arsenal and sunderland to win today pleaaseeeee
fantastic ball from cabaye to remy a few minutes ago . loic fluffed that one but has scored anyway . deserve their lead at whl !
i want newcastle to win , sunderland to win and man utd and arsenal to draw
tottenham are a joke
mehn dis match dey tough against newcastle
newcastle deserve that , spurs have been wasteful when they've had the ball and lack numbers when going forward .
yaassss newcastle👏
newcastle looking very comfortable
come on newcastle
loic remy is an absolute tank for newcastle ! 0-1 .
go ahead newcastle ;-)
newcastle ... or isit brazil lol
okay looks like are a good spot after all , let's have more goals
if newcastle avoid fouling in the box then they've won this match .
c'mon tottenham
gol del newcastle , gol de remy , minuto 12 , tottenham 0-1 newcastle 
newcastle shutting up the big guns these days
remy can't stop scoring ! 1 - 0 newcastle 
yes newcastle . come on
is there any possible way that spurs v newcastle can end with nobody winning and nobody getting any points ? that would be sound .
come on newcastle , what a start , get in !!!! 
yes come on newcastle !!
goal - remy | tottenham 0-1 newcastle
early goal for newcastle . oy vey . 
newcastle were 5/1 at work absolute steal
sp*rs 0 - 1 newcastle
newcastle in there brazil kit playing like brazil 
yes newcastle !
newcastle are playing the better football , that was deserved that goal
hearing my mum scream through to my brother that newcastle just scored is absolutely hilarious 
come on newcastle ! 1-0 remy & he isn't in my fantasy league next week lol same happened with lambert .
predictions today spurs 3-1 newcastle sunderland 0-5 man city man u 1-2 arsenal 
goaaall newcastle
it's ok tottenham , i didn't want any clean sheets in my fantasy football this week anyway
newcastle have got to snap him up before a bigger club get hold of him . remy's deadly like . 
get in newcastle
tottenham is dead wtf r they on loool
wow , was just about to put newcastle on to win at 5/1 and they go and score and all bets get suspended . hope i dont regret this
tightest back 4 in the league and guess which team they decide to play like a set of wankers oh aye newcastle , lucky bastards
be fantastic if newcastle get something from this game
if only i wasn't so lazy getting outta bed woulda added newcastle to my bet😏
newcastle 1-0 up at spurs .. it's been coming . spurs looking ragged .
yes newcastle
* chelsea/liverpool/man . city/arsenal/tottenham fans * on moyes we trust ... rt if u know what i mean hihi
do newcastle have right to buy at the end of the season ? 
newcastle have pressed very well in spurs ' half in the opening minutes of this game . and have been rewarded with a goal . remi 1 - 0 spurs
brilliant start from newcastle . what a finish from remy .
newcastle one up . shot remi you my boy keep it up 
great start from newcastle
newcastle my other fav making me proud .. one up
newcastle are proper up for it .. 
brazil 1-0 up at spurs . oh , wait sorry that's just newcastle's away kit .
14 minutes gone and newcastle dominating spurs completely .
get in newcastle !!
goal !! tottenham 0 newcastle 1 .. loic remy 7th league goals .
get in newcastle ! really nice goal from remy
get in newcastle !
amazing newcastle !
a beautiful goal from newcastle against yids .
get in remy :d , lets beat the tottenham scum
goall !! remy scores !! great goal !! newcastle 1-0 scum !! :' -)) 
newcastle want this more already , spurs not strong in tackles
end to end , newcastle have started positively but spurs look dangerous on the break . goals in this game .
arsenals season will unfold next month , playing everton , napoli , chelsea , man city and newcastle away
still surprised newcastle fans love remy so much , he turned you down for a huge signing on fee and 100k a week
spurs udah kena .. remy score for newcastle
gol ! newcastle !
pressing and energy from newcastle is outstanding
remy scores spuds 0 1 newcastle 
tottenham being sloppy fucking cunts dembele should get a months wages taken from him for that fucking cunts standing there like statues
 take a well lead through 
tottenham must win today
remy is too good for newcastle . a very reliable finisher . considering he'd cost around £10-£12m he's a good bit of business
newcastle 1-0 💙💙💙
great goal by remy , bit of a dick probably why he's not at a top 6 side 0 1
loic remy , of course !! 1-0 newcastle . deserved as well , i think .
haha yes come on newcastle !
respect to newcastle , having a go . what's the point of dembele can anyone tell me ?
newcastle to score more !
remy goal :d come on newcastle , tottenham 0-1 newcastle
newcastle leads
i hate tottenham lol
how are tottenham 1-0 down already ..
this could be a very big loss , newcastle like dangerous
none of the 34 premier league goals newcastle have scored in 2013 have been by an englishman .
there's that famous tottenham defence at work .
i had a dream that newcastle won 3-0
newcastle playing the pressing game well .
nazi's celebration by newcastle manager needs attention
loic remy matched at 13.5 for £18 to score first between spurs v newcastle .
cracking ball from gouffran that !! surely newcastle gonna bid for remy permanently in january
yes newcastle 
nooo newcastle score !
scenes in that newcastle end👌
loic remy killing it ! only newcastle can break spurs ' defense 
yes remy 👌💯 1-0 newcastle 
just read that joe kinnear tried to sign shane ferguson from birmingham , without realising he's on loan there from newcastle ! 
hope newcastle win this game
what's going on with the space between tottenham's midfield and defence , this has been coming , newcastle are all over them ! great goal remy !
why didnt we get remy this summer ? i honestly cannot think of a reason . anyway , he scores ! newcastle lead against sprus .
what are tottenham playing at , that was an easy open goal
remy ! if newcastle win ...
newcastle fans should sing it's just like watching brazil with the kit they are wearing 
i love the way newcastle as a team is just quality
yes newcastle
newcastle thoroughly deserved that ! great goal !
told you were gna have a go lol
people saying tottenham spent well don't think so newcastle have remy what a player
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . it has been coming over the last few minutes . loic remy with a nice finish to give the away side the lead . ”
2-1 newcastle 
really hope newcastle win today👌
if newcastle win , i'll question why i didn't put more than a £5 on at 5/1 .
tottenham are getting a battering
tottenham's touches seem really poor compared to newcastle
big goal loic remy - tot 0-1 newcastle
ooooo newcastle are like our hitmen atm
come on newcastle
fast . remy alr scored for newcastle
newcastle score . ummm power of the color jersey or nah ?
" tottenham concede for the first time in over four and a half hours of pl football " yeah i wonder fucking why , with friedel in goal
remy again for newcastle united ! 
newcastle should really buy a striker not be cheap cunts and get them loaned in
get in . loic remy puts newcastle 1-0 up . 😃👍 
newcastle averaging a shot on target every five minutes .
remy is ridiculous for newcastle but was uselss at qpr 
newcastle have won this now !
fucking yes newcastle 
come on newcastle !
that newcastle yellow and blue away kit looks so un-newcastle like .
embarrassing .. come on tottenham
 goal : tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcaslte united ( 13 ' )
it was coming . newcastle had 2/3 good chances in the 5 minutes leading up to it .
come on newcastle !!
newcastle 1-0 win , man city 4-0 win , arsenal 2-1/ 3-1 win 👍⚽️
tottenham are losing haha come on newcastle !!!!!!
buuuuuuuuuuuut newcastle
remy scooooresss !! .. 1 nil to newcastle 
what a sexy ball , and what a sexy finish ! loic remy puts one up at white hart lane , 
remy is decent !... c'mon newcastle .. dont let them get a penalty
after buying 100 french speaking players of african origin it looks like newcastle have actually found a decent one in remy this season .
remy ! what a start for newcastle . paulinho loses out to gouffran who finds remy . he does the rest . 1-0 .
newcastle lead spurs 1-0 on 12 minutes through loic remy .
tottenham need to score 😒
breaking news : newcastle united scored . 
newcastle united ! trolling london clubs ! again ! xd 
newcastle away kit is just like arsenals ? 
not looking like a good weekend for london clubs , hope that trend continues :) . 0-1 to newcastle
newcastle 100% deserve to be winning here 
good start from newcastle cracking finish from remy
getting newcastle
spurs look weak without bale , newcastle on fire remy goals
good start for newcastle this
tottenham are really under pressure from the french national side early in this match . 
very good newcastle following for a 12 oclock on a sunday in london
for newcastle to win they gotta go 2 goals up !
the worst thing is that newcastle can park the bus now . they've been open for us , up until now . sigh ....
newcastle looking good
goal ! spurs concede at white hart lane . loic remy rounds brad friedel to give newcastle the lead ! 11/8 draw 12/5 15/8
tottenham 0 - newcastle 1 . paulinho loses possession softly , gouffran plays it quickly and remy scores after taking the ball around friedel .
fucking hell come on spurs , get your shit together
yess newcastle !! 
come on newcastle !!
go newcastle plz
remy ! go newcastle !
get on remy ! need a newcastle win or draw today !
looool newcastle singing giroud's song but saying pardew instead i think
uuuuuuuuuh ! im movin to newcastle united ...
deserved goal for newcastle
tottenham you suck major time .
10'min of play tottenham 0-1 newcastle ' loic remy '
super sunday predictions from yesterday , spurs 2-1 newcastle , sunderland 1-4 man city , man utd 2-1 arsenal
why the fucks remy playing for newcastle he could get in a much better side
wow wtf tottenham 110 million pounds spent in the summer and we r getting ripped apart by newcastle !!
goal : remy 13 ' spurs 0 - 1 newcastle 
really think arsenal should sign remy he is a class player , brilliant finisher should be playing with a better side than newcastle 
how desperate must newcastle be for qpr to stay down ! 
spurs fail to get the ball out of their own half and newcastle get loic remy through on goal who takes round friedel and scores , 1-0
goal newcastle !!
yes newcastle super super remy !!!!!!!
early goal 1-0 newcastle
fuck off newcastle !!
newcastle united : a season of goodness , the next season of pure shit . repeat order .
remy is a class act . shame he agreed to go to newcastle so early on in the window . would have been very useful for us .
deserved lead for newcastle .
excellent start to the day with newcastle winning . never thought i'd say that !!!
tottenham spend over £100million , still shit .
let's all laugh at tottenham
remy scores ! 1-0 newcastle
loic remy thinks he's a commander or something ? brilliant through ball by gouffran though ! spurs 1-0 newcastle . 
 tottenham vs newcastle . 
personally i don't think tottenham can win this without defoe
hahaha thank you . down you go tottenham
why is remy at newcastle 
remy ! go on ! what a player he is . 
come on newcastle 
spurs 0-1 newcastle ! yesss
goal newcastle !
hahaaa 1-0 newcastle
laughing at tottenham
loic remy gives newcastle the lead at whitehart lane
great start from newcastle
gooooooool de remy !!!! el newcastle se adelanta por medio del francés remy . tottenham 0-1 newcastle 13 '
newcastle playing very well !
how did newcastle get remy in the first place ??? better yet how did qpr get remy ???
gooooaaal !!! loic remy scores for newcastle !!! 😍 tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle
yes newcastle ! great goal ! 
great finish newcastle ... haha spurs !! 
come on !!!
1-0 newcastle ! come on ! 
omg newcastle scored
remy could be newcastle's very own thierry henry !
at this point , i'm way more of a soccer fan than i am a football fan . currently watching tottenham and newcastle .
beautiful goal by loic remy ! newcastle lead by 1 .
tottenham 1-0 down already haha
super loic remy !! newcastle getting better and better this season .
come on newcastle !!!!!!!!
goal ! tottenham 1-0 newcastle
goal newcastle yesssssssssss .
the wolverine or spurs against newcastle 
yep newcastle leads haha what happen spurs
nice goal from newcastle that ! peach of a ball from gouffran 👌
remy for newcastle ! good signing , 1-0 newcastle
an early sting from newcastle at the lane .
newcastle , man city and arsenal for the win today 
when newcastle finished 5th , they had ba on form for the first half of the season and then cisse
newcastle fans mocking them with arsenal chants lol . salute
hahaha ! just woke up to remy's goal ..... c'mon newcastle
excellent for newcastle , first few minutes suggested it might be a long game for them , but they have come alive and now scored 
 newcastle united vs . tottenham hotspur
great goal by remy ! 
but how long will newcastle be able to keep up all this chasing for though ?
why are newcastle playing in crystal palaces mid 90s away strip ? 
goal for newcastle !! still buzzin from them beatin chelsea last wk !
loic remy's 12th minute goal is the 1st time tottenham hotspur have conceded in over 4 and a half hours of premier league football . 
get in newcastle !!
out of all the teams , newcastle got remy ... hes such a player
there no way tottenham a top 4 team
but at least newcastle aren't sitting back unlike the other teams
brad is a good man but he is shown up every time he plays . slow . ffs 1-0 down to newcastle .
yes newcastle !
meanwhile tottenham make busy roff . newcastle just dey chop them
remmmmyyyyy 1-0 newcastle . 
gol del newcastle . gol de remy . dispara gouffran , rechaza mal friedel y anota . min12 tottenham 0-1 newcastle . 
yes !!!! come on newcastle .. fuck these north london boys up
nazo ! lol newcastle have scored and its remy again .
tottenham can't score so dem lose
remy scores for newcastle in the 12th minute - 0-1 . noooo c'mon spurs !
casual play by spurs let's rent in to out newcastle 1 up .
we are giving the ball away far too much ! sort it out tottenham ! 
wht an aggressive counter attacking play by newcastle .
cool finish by remy ! newcastle are looking strong . 
could it be the two teams who have the biggest say in the title race are newcastle and wba ? 
is that a giroud chant i'm hearing from the newcastle-fans ? replacing giroud with " lloris " by the sound of things .
well in newcastle . i used to like spurs , but now they just fuck me off . hope newcastle smash the cunts .
goaaaaal newcastle , loic remy wonderfull goal assisted by gouffran chikens will always be chikens
happy newcastle scored . tottenham will have to come out and play for once !
remyyyyyyyyyyy !!! come on newcastle
are all tottenham players concussed ? looking like it in last 5 minutes ....
i used to enjoy watching tottenham but they're so boring now ! lack of attacking threat .
fucking get in newcastle !!!! 
tottenham should be banned from having televised home games and all tv monies withheld until they sort this fucking dreadful camera angle
but he's proven for qpr and newcastle what an excellent finisher he is . only needs half a chance . 
someone come to newcastle and give me cuddles ... i need looking after in a bad way
remind is different gravy we should of gone for him 1 nil newcastle .
what is this strip that newcastle are wearing ?! 😷 .... good goal though 👌 ⚽️
get in newcastle !!
yes newcastle ! remy scores
loic remy jebrett !! newcastle 1-0 tottenham 
tottenham will get a penalty
newcastle are dominating a game . i wasn't sure it was possible
what a through ball there , newcastle united lead the spurs 1-0
yes newcastle !
yes newcastle !
get in newcastle
that goal was coming .... newcastle started well here .
loic remy breaks the deadlock . newcastle 1 - 0 tottenham
come on newcastle
oh my .. my team .. 2nd to arsenal ..
awkward how geri's dads a tottenham supporter like !
come on newcastle make my sunday by beating spurs 
1-0 newcastle !!! remy !!!
nice !! gorn newcastle !!!!
tottenham chicken what is thisss ?
not pleasant for paulinho to lose the ball in that area . remy just got through it with a cool finish . 0-1 to newcastle .
brilliant from newcastle yess ! 👏⚽️
what a goal for newcastle by remy ! unlucky spurs lol 1-0 to the geordies ( merkz )
remy you beauty !! tottenham 0-1 newcastle ...
come on newcastle !!!! 15 '
goal tottenham 0-1 newcastle - loic remy
caya la newcastle ! loic remy !!! newcastle 1-0 spurs
newcastle are playing some good football so far !! loic remy is on another level
newcastle playing in the brazil kit this afternoon - and it seems to be working ! they're 1-0 up against spurs ! 
damn man . spurs 0 - 1 newcastle
wow , newcastle beating spurs , they're on a role
newcastle 5/1 the day , choking for that to come in
come on newcastle kill them !!!!
makes me laugh how all these commentators and pundits big up spurs defence ! shit cunts ! go on newcastle .
😂😂😂 yes newcastle !
newcastle - spurs
yasssss 1-0 to newcastle :d 
go on newcastle , fuck everyone's coupons 😂
remy is on fire for newcastle this season - who needs ba ? 
yess newcastle !
remy was some coup for newcastle ! spurs should have signed him
 spurs just suddenly collapse and newcastle take the lead . friedel with a double save but minutes later remy strikes
newcastle 😁😁😁😁😁😁
goal : tottenham 0-1 newcastle . ( remy ) 
newcastle !!!! get in !! remy doing damage as of late !
newcastle deserved that after dominating for the last 5 or so minutes .
get in there remy come on newcastle
go newcastle gooo get spurs :d
hoppa 1-0 newcastle ! remy !
 concede only their 6th goal of the season , remy gets his 7th in 7 games spurs 0-1 newcastle - still underdogs in the betting
yes newcastle
wake up spurs !!! newcastle are on the attack ! 
loic remy hands newcastle the lead against 
call him remy .... even chelshity knw him . spurs wil c dust ! spurs 0 vs newcastle 1
tottenham will make a move for manchester united's 25-year-old striker javier hernandez in january if they can offload emmanuel adebayor .
1-0 newcastle ! remy is a great player why is he at newcastle ?
yes remy . backed newcastle @ 5/1 on ma coupon . good start .
well in newcastle !
loic remy hands newcastle the lead against 
well played newcastle , still think it'll be a draw .
newcastle at 11/2 ain't looking so bad
hope newcastle maintain pressing spurs high up the pitch , puts spurs out of their comfort zone , big test to see if they can pass quickly .
tottenham are fucking useless !!! knew it was going to be a mistake going with spurs to win to nil
newcastle re one up , massive encounter
great start for newcastle again
go on newcastle !!!
newcastle have a good team it's just their defence that is awful need a commanding centre half williamson is poo at defending
tottenham are shockingly bad . 1-0 to newcastle , remy with the goal . it has been coming .
tottenham will make a move for manchester united's 25-year-old striker javier hernandez in january if they can offload emmanuel adebayor .
swee ah newcastle
much as i like newcastle , spurs . get a grip .
hearing my dad and uncle yell at the tv because newcastle are playing⚽️
remyyyyyyy !! 1-0 tottenham
just as i say that newcastle score 😂 i must be some sort of psychic
yes newcastle #1 -0
newcastle take a well deserved lead , get in .
newcastle running the show so far oioi remy !! 
3-1 newcastle i think .
it's a good thing tottenham have the prolific goal scorer soldado in the team .
goal ! spurs 0-1 newcastle 
couldn't think of anything better than going home for a week and newcastle just scored 
cmon newcastle beat spuds
loic remy puts newcastle ahead 
yes newcastle
could see that coming ! spurs 0-1 newcastle remy ( 12 ) 
gooool newcastle ! tottenham is shit !
bore off tottenham
if newcastle win today and united lose , they go above us , fuckkkkkkkkkk
seriously hope that newcastle have a deal in place to sign remy , otherwise he'll be off elsewhere . arsenal maybe ?
such good football by newcastle
is this newcastle or brazil ???
tottenham's center of defense is a joke . just awful on that remy goal . senderos-esque .
get in remy ! need a newcastle win or draw today !
after arsenal the team for me is newcastle , come on . 
well deserved lead to newcastle . showing that they've gone to whl for 3 points , piling on the pressure
now newcastle sit back and we fail to breakdown another team . 1-0 finish no doubt . or 3-0 as we'll get caught on the break . 
remy scored for newcastle 
remyyy , newcastle have been all over them
excellent start for newcastle
yes gooooll .. tottenham 0-1 newcastle remy
the anxiety of watching tottenham . eghr
on a side note tottenham are awful
o2•5 goals in the spurs newcastle game lookin good bet now
gorn newcastle 
tottenham play some boring football !!
fuck sake knew i should of backed newcastle
18 ' gol del newcastle united . gol de remy . tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united . 
early goal very nice but im not convinced newcastle will win this one
fuck yes newcastle !!!!
did newcastle really score 😱😱
ah bah ya tottenham-newcastle , let's go
tottenham 0-1 newcastle - remy rounds brad friedel to give the magpies the lead just before the quarter hour mark ! 
absolute class newcastle selling out in london on a sunday at 12 ko . 👏👏
can tottenham score 2 ? serious question .
is newcastle in london ? i thought spurs only concedes to teams from london .
goal spurs 0-1 newcastle ( 13 mins ) gouffran slips the ball through to loic remy , who takes it around friedel before slotting home 
spurs need to score twice . so , basically , newcastle are going to walk away with the points .
was so close to putting £10 on newcastle draw no bet as well
newcastle carve out more chances in 15 mins they we have in three games .
gouffran works so hard for newcastle
when you do cunt against newcastle , that's what happens . ask chelsea .
 spurs 0-1 newcastle ( remy , 13 ’)
goal !! remy scores for newcastle . spurs 0-1 newcastle . -hb
newcastle were 5/1 !!!!!!!!!!!!!
newcastle just starting faster than tottenham so far . 1-0 
why have newcastle got the brazilian kit on
it's harder to hate tottenham than it is to hate chelsea , because they're so shit .
newcastle have pressed very well in spurs ' half in the opening minutes of this game . and have been rewarded with a goal . remy 1 - 0 spurs
newcastle 1-0 up !!!... loic remy
remyyyyy !!!! 1-0 newcastle
goal tottenham hotspur 0-1 * newcastle united *( remy 13 ’)
remmmmy goal spurs 0-1 newcastle
yes newcastle hahah fuck spurs
omgg yes thank you so much newcastle . 1-0 against spurs .
if newcastle beat spurs then arsenal win , today will be great !
remy gooooooooooal against spurs , 1 nil to newcastle . .
another goal from remy his value just keeps going up can't see newcastle wanting to pay an honest value
come on newcastle !! do a favour
tottenham are asleep mate
newcastle 1-0 tottenham goal : remy assist : gouffran 
yes newcastle ! fuck ye spurs !
what a move !!!!........... newcastle carves open tottenham like christmas turkey . with their yellow tops , l'd have mistaken them for arsenal
great team goal that from newcastle ! 
gol newcastle united , tottenham 0-1 newcastle united ( min . 15 ) 
 0 - 1 . newcastle are looking sharp !
dear newcastle : you can dress like us , and yes , you can sure as hell play like us . get it in !!
newcastle takes the lead @ whl 0-1 . 
newcastle get in 
you can still get newcastle at 21/20 draw no bet even 1-0 up . gonna take it bigtime . no faith in spurs scoring 2 .
gol del newcastle !! remy !!
175% sick im at work on a day of football like this and missed newcastle going 1-0 up against spurs
for fuck sake spurs . its newcastle . how hard isit to keep a cs ?!
tottenham conceding a goal there as a direct result of paulinho being a massive pussy .
yes newcastle , could do a west ham beating them 3-0 away
lol tottenham .... remy gives newcastle a 1-0 lead
remy scores for newcastle ... newcastle having the lead against tottenham hotspurs
newcastle is playing an impressive counter attack football they punishing everyone on counter with the likes of remy and shola ameob
bright start by newcastle though . deserved lead . spurs 2nd to most balls at the minute .
tottenham 0-1 newcstle . remy
i don't think of these football " experts " or pundits realise that remy is only on loan to newcastle
newcastle park that bus pls .
tottenham have just been remyed up the ass
newcastle has bagged one
always going to concede with the static friedal in goal . newcastle will probably win today
thierry henry puts newcastle 0-1 up at the lane ..
tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle : remy assist gouffran 
took remy out and ever since he's scored in both games , ffss . oh well s'all good tottenham losing
yes newcastle hold them .
yes newcastle
what a start for newcastle !!
i have said it once & i will say it again . loic remy is a class player on his day . wasted at newcastle .
woooo 1-0 to newcastle :ddd 
newcastle
spurs 2-2 newcastle , sunderland 1-0 man city , united 2-1 arsenal , swansea 1-0 stoke
come on newcastle . keep it up . 👌
what price were newcastle the day ?
hope we haven't gotta play newcastle anytime soon ! 
way to go newcastle fc ......
remy has been superb this season for newcastle
most impressive thing about newcastle so far is their pressing .
tottenham proving once again they're punching above their weight ... season after season .. 
go on newcastle
predictions newcastle 1-1 spurs , sunderland 0-2 city , united 1-1 arsenal , swansea 1-0 stoke
get in there , newcastle ! re last tweet , if newcastle & sunderland win , i certainly will ... :-d
newcastle has scored !!!! remy on the 13th minute ... 0-1 v tottenham 
tottenham spend 100 mill on players with no desire !!!
newcastle have scored already man !
newcastle dominating tottenham , deserved that
go newcastle
spurs 0-1 newcastle . remy scored .
remy is a quality player , hope he makes his move to newcastle permanent . great goal .
goooooaaal ! tottenham hotspur vs . newcastle united . livescore 0-1 
i will sing the french national anthem if newcastle wins this .
goooaaaaall !! remy has put newcastle ahead . 1-0 p.s. i screamed with joy when it happened ! couldn't contain myself ! 
well now newcastle have scored i want then to win . go on you geordie fuckers !
watch that newcastle goal and you'll see how underrated lloris is .
have newcastle got like 7 kits ?
goal ! tottenham spurs 0 - 1 newcastle united 
yaass come on newcastle 😃😃😃😃
 gives united the lead vs spurs ... but as it always happens , spurs will get a 98th min penalty ...
newcastle sure boys
get in newcastle !!
get in there newcastle !
hahaha tottenham are just shit
gooooal for newcastle !!! loic remy scores ! 13 ' minute , tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle 
g'wed newcastle
spurs too slow to play it out of defence , newcastle's high press is working well here ! 
newcastle !! remy 1-0 !!
i've put a bet down for newcastle to win 1-0 it better stay this way !!!
classy finish from remy . early lead from newcastle . 
spurs linked up really well to hand newcastle that goal
great start from newcastle .
come on newcastle !!
newcastle high pressing on tottenham , doing wonders , pardew seems to have got his tactics right so far .
get in newcastle
 ekotto left defender , vertonghen centre defender . this is bad , really bad . and friedle out , gomes in
me paso al spurs - newcastle
yes newcastle
yes newcastle !
wow spuds trailing at white hart lane . its newcastle leading . its 0-1 . 
what a start newcastle , remy has been class so far - spurs should of been pressing harder there though .
brilliant play by newcastle , fair play to them
dad goes mad when newcastle play
1-0 newcastle , get in !! (y ) 
i hate newcastle , but that is fantastic , fuck off spurs
hey newcastle , score 2 or 3 or ... 5 more , yeah ?
tottenham have been very sloppy so far . why didn't lamela start ?
been waken up by newcastle scoring .... thanks dad !
 : remy gives newcastle the early lead . brilliant pressing by newcastle to win the ball and take the lead .
 : remy gives newcastle the early lead . brilliant pressing by newcastle to win the ball and take the lead .
1-0 up , come on newcastle !
come on newcastle !
newcastle are kinda dominating
come on newcastle !
yoh but this game is proper spurs 0 - 1 newcastle . the man u game better deliver after this .
como gane el newcastle ... coys#
that newcastle kit makes them look like brazil . not .
come on newcastle
spurs losing ? wooo i forgot i even had a bet on newcastle lol wooo again
as soon as i wrote that tweet newcastle scored haha
ok ... now newcastle is now teaching spurs a bitter lesson as they did to us ... smh .
newcastle 1-0
remy is a great loan signing for newcastle
newcastle's away kit is funny .
llol come on newcastle do t again for us this week
newcastle need to press on here . that spurs side is there for the taking atm
yes !! newcastle !!!
tottenham need to buy a real striker
newcastle's high passing and yellow away strip = dortmund in disguise
a goal that's been coming . newcastle should have already been a goal up .
great start from newcastle
tottenham spend millions on good player yet they are losing .
get in newcastle united
newcastle have secured at least a point now . can't see spurs wining 2 penalties .
tottenham at home ih lol
win the ball high up the pitch and you always give yourselves a chance of scoring goals . good play from newcastle .
remy could play for a better side than newcastle
oh newcastle !!! i'm beginning to like this team . 
newcastle got some ugly kit
oh great newcastle scores again
newcastle >>>>>>
come on newcastle !!
loic remy giving newcastle the lead .
15 " goooool ! remy . tottenham 0-1 newcastle . 
newcastle . 👌
tottenham are now losing 1-0 brazil
mantep mantep terobosannya newcastle
that's poor tottenham , we're better than this , come on lads 🙏 
newcastle !
newcastle again !
oway sort it out tottenham you useless bastards
newcastle starting to look the part this season . they for sure want to sign remy permanently . some of the passes into him have been unreal .
newcastle is stretching spurs
newcastle vistiendo como brasil . it's working
tottenham are so shit considering the players they have !
only the bottom 3 clubs have scored less than tottenham tottenham 9 stoke 7 sunderland 7 palace 6
hopefully newcastle do us a favour today
i hope newcastle can win this
get in newcastle !!!
please give remy a proper contract newcastle
ncfc_iradio ops 1/0 newcastle in 12 mins
that newcastle goal shows just how important hugo lloris ' sweeper-keeper role is to spurs . he'd have cut that through ball out with ease .
goal spurs 0-1 newcastle- gouffran slips the ball through to loic remy , who takes it around friedel before slotting home
get in newcastle !!!
at spurs vs newcastle
loic remy como concepto . spurs 0-1 newcastle !
yesssssss ! remy you beauuuuuttyyyy !!! 
spurs gave that goal to newcastle , stupid mistakes my the midfield
watching this newcastle side is just like watching brazil . but only because of that kit lol
great pressing from newcastle 
a newcastle win and draw for arsenal will be perfect ...
dress like samba , play like samba . newcastle newcastle !
haha already a goal for newcastle
newcastle setting up an awesome day of football | masquerading as brazil ! 
gol ! newcastle
newcastle looking like a tough team to beat this season to be fair to pardew
yes newcastle
the tots look weak - - newcastle on top 1-0
 now dictating the game . tottenham are leaving us huge spaces to play in .
tottenham pls
newcastle lads
hahaa get in there newcastle ! 
absolutely love watching newcastle 
go remy , newcastle please beat the spurs
loic remy ! 7 in 7 ! 0-1 
get in :)
14 of newcastle's last 15 goals have been scored by french players
spurs v newcastle 13.00 sunderland v man city 15.05 man utd v arsenal 17.10
yeah beat them newcastle !
tottenham 0 newcastle 1 remy 13 kick off 12pm sky sports 1 and online
newcastle is on fire .
love watching loic remy , such a class player , he's much better then newcastle , would love him at 
gol de remy tottenham 0-1 newcastle
it's great to see tottenham playing so shit
look at tottenham they have names but as a team theyre pants
' newcastle have some player in remy ' ermm no he's on loan and will be back at qpr when they come back up
if newcastle beat spurs today i'm gonna buy 3 bottles of newky brown on go on a wild one ! 
more goals in this for newcastle .... they've already had 3 great chances .
goall !! spurs 0-1 newcastle 
goal .! remy ,.. newcastle 1 - 0 chickens -hq
great team work from newcastle sums up a massive goal for them in the 13th minute through remy . he can't stop scoring ! spurs 0-1 newcastle
 tottenham vs newcastle ( 0-1) . 
lovely goal by newcastle ! got a feeling remy will be playing at a top 6 club next year .
looks like newcastle scored ! get in !!
who do newcastle think they stringing these passes together ? ha
is it newcastle in the yellow , blue or white or is it brazil ? 
yes newcastle !
remy is unreal . once newcastle have a good striker they aren't a bad team ..
watching this newcastle side is just like watching brazil . but only because of that kit
loic remy makes it 1-0 newcastle united fc
but newcastle dey vex this season o
newcastle looking to have sort things out .
' all ' newcastle have to do now is to defend for 75 minutes . spurs 0 newc 1
goalll ! remy scores for newcastle !
goal remy . 1-0 newcastle . !
 playing sloppy passes at the back , not respecting the pressure , classic ' big team syndrome '. 
come on newcastle .
remy scores !! tottenham 0-1 newcastle
come on newcastle
it'll be good if tottenham lose today and man city and arsenal 😊
can newcastle upset spurs today ? hmmm
sp*rs 0-1 newcastle united . awesome . 
spurs look like their still in bed . newcastle bossin them
wish i had went to newcastle with my mam and dad now , it's boring watching films by myself
piss off tottenham 😘
remy needa play for a bigger team than newcastle . tbh
seeing as spurs can seemingly only score from the spot i actually rate newcastle to take some off of them . naturally i'll be proven wrong .
newcastle have chosen the yellow strip purposely , and quite cleverly actually
said to my dad even before kickoff that newcastle were going to won 2-1 . seeing friedel's name on the teamsheet made me absolutely certain .
goal .... newcastle !!!!
latest scores in england , spain and italy tottenham 0-1 newcastle espanyol 1-3 sevilla genoa 2-0 hellas verona
gooooaaal . remy . spurs 0-1 newcastle . -az .
spurs 6/5 newcastle 19/10 draw 5/2 - newcastle currently lead 1-0 thanks to loic remy .
wonderful play by newcastle~
my lil bro screaming ' omg ' downstairs guessing newcastle scored .
i get up , make a coffee , switch on telly and the very instant the picture appears , there's a ball in tottenham net . great start to a sunday
what makes it more interesting is that newcastle are in a 4-4-2 shape against 4-3-3 . but they have played the wings very well .
friends of newcastle !!!
as much as i hate newcastle , remy is a player
newcastle are putting some good stuff together
don't concede a penalty if you don't want tottenham to score .
come on newcastle !
come on newcastle !
spurs loseing to newcastle at home !
if newcastle don't sign remy i have lost all faith ! 
great finish remy . 1-0 newcastle . let's hope newcastle continue to push on . i think they have taken confidence from last weeks win over cfc
would love a newcastle win , a sunderland win and a draw between utd and arsenal !
if newcastle take points off spurs , and united & arsenal draw , it's been a pretty good weekend for us .
tottenham are so boring
tottenham down already
newcastle ahead at spurs , chelsea and everton dropped points , united , arsenal or both to do so later . good weekend for a liverpool fan !
it's been coming at white hart lane . newcastle now 6/4 after remy's opener . draw 13/5 , spurs also 6/4 . bet in-play now ! live on ss 1.15 mins gone ..
newcastle playing some great stuff . tottenham poor opening 15mins 
rooting for newcastle here , yes loic remy !!
goal !!! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . remy ( 13 ) 
newcastle look so much faster than us .
newcastle ... yess
well , now we are going to struggle , newcastle gonna park the bus now lads 
tottenham losing yes !!
how can newcastle cat our kit tho loooool
15/8 still available on newcastle , spurs look all over the place at the moment .
hope newcastle shaft tottenham
that's it , newcastle ! take all three points !
yeah newcastle power !
i hate everything about tottenham
newcastle must be the most unpredictable team in the league . this remy guy is a decent player too .
come on newcastle haha
lovely newcastle 1-0
come on newcastle . kick some tottenham scum ass
why are newcastle dressed like brazil ?! 
tottenham were under pressure at the back . newcastle turned them over , and made them pay . perfect ball in to remy and he made no mistake .
newcastle are finding gaps in the spurs defence so easy .
guessing newcastle just scored due to my sister's boyfriend's screaming
that was comical ! why do we look so nervous against newcastle ? come on get this back spurs !!
newcastle are basically french national team reserves + cabaye and remy
fair play newcastle !
newcastle are so bad !
lose to sunderland , win 2-0 to chelsea , winning 1-0 to spurs right .. 
i did say newcastle may cause an upset , tottenham have been poor this season .
fucking hell , nice one newcastle !
haha . who's idea was it for newcastle to play in the exact brazil colours ? possibly the most sarcastic thing i've ever seen . 
since when did newcastle play sexy football ??
potential to be 1-1 v newcastle though , not the same as at newcastle though .
tidy goal by newcastle , simple football no messing around .
newcastle will win the league
fuck you newcastle .
remy is showing his true ability now , newcastle look very dangerous ..
newcastle are playing some good football
newcastle have definitely started stronger
fuck yes remy you absolute god !!!!!! c'mon newcastle !!!!
hoping that tottenham and arsenal drop points today . would be a great weekend for liverpool if that happens ... 
newcastle are a strong team this season
yes newcastle !
now we'll see how good tottenham are .
awful defending by spurs . look really nervous . newcastle fully deserve being 1-0 up .
tothenham vs newcastle
yes newcastle , chin up to all you bellends with tottenham defenders in your fantasy football 
i knew tottenham would fuck up this bet ffs
newcastle appear to have their tactics spot on 15mins in .
started to watch last nights x factor , but looks like the spurs v newcastle match is alot more exciting
if firside win and arsenal do and tottenham lose it will be a good day
newcastle united should better win or get a draw against spurds
newcastle lead spurs 1-0 . there goes the first leg of the lucky 15 ! oh well ...
well done newcastle
go on newcastle lol .....
got an essay in for tomorrow , yet i'm sat watching newcastle vs spurs 
newcastle and man utd wins would make the chelsea result not that bad ! 🙌
thats how it feel to be tottenham thats how it feels to be small you sold baleeee we signed mesut ozil mesut ozil mesut ozil cunts
newcastle will win the league .
remy !!! newcastle 1-0 !
what the fuck ! loic remy goal !!! tottenham 0-1 newcastle * villas boas gigit jari
0-1 newcastle !! 
proof newcastle united don't need to be scared of anyone . we have success when we go for the jugular !
not watching the game but hoping newcastle steal 3 points at white hart lane
yes not won yet but need another remy for one bet to settle .. tott to score in first half for another .. and 3 more goals from newcastle too
great weight of pass from gouffran for newcastle goal 👏👍⚽
nw tot vs newcastle .
come on newcastle !
yess come on newcastle !
goal ! loic remy has put newcastle 1-0 up after 12 minutes .
we should try and sign remy purely because he's scored against newcastle and spurs in a week . 
loic remyyyyyy . come on newcastle !!! 
newcastle ✌️✌️
newcastle have got that brazil swagger !!
viendo el tottehnam - newcastle united hasta que empiece motogp !! 
remy is on fire this season ! 1-0 newcastle
come on newcastle !!! do me a favour
it's just like watching brazil 
clinical goal frm loic remy #1 -0 newcastle
tottenham's defending has been awful
this is exactly why defoe should start for tottenham . soldado has scored 4 goals , 3 of them penalties !
if newcastle and arsenal win today i will go to sleep happy 🙏
go newcastle !! fuck spurs
remy gol ! hotspur 0-1 newcastle
that pressuring from newcastle there for the goal was unreal !!!
newcastle will get something out of this .
goal : spurs 0-1 newcastle at 13 ' loic remy scores with an assist from gouffran 
dressed like brazil and were playing like brazil ! come on newcastle !!!! 
hey tottenham ... newcastle alan parred ew hahahahahahahahaha 
this tottenham side is not better than the one couple years bk with bale , modric and van der vaart . just more depth in squad 4
just woke up , to see remy scored for newcastle !!!!!!!!
spurs invested so much in the summer in quality players yet they lose to west ham at home and are losing to newcastle 
what the fuck's this tottenham v brazil ?
come on tottenham !!!!
i really think newcastle are a great side
i was just about to tweet spurs are looking shaky i reckon newcastle could sneak this and then boom man like remy arrives on the scene
tottenham wan spoil ticket sha -___-
bravo newcastle ! bravo !! keep it up ! 
along with newcastle's kit , spurs midfield is making them look like brazil
oops newcastle scored = sad dad
come on newcastle !!
newcastle kitted out in a jarg tuebrook market brazil kit ?
newcastle were my bet of the day , mon the toon !
what is that kit newcastle ?
newcastle doing very well , 1-0 up thru remy .
the fact that newcastle are winning it's great
dont know who to cheer for today , i fucks with both spurs and newcastle . 
nooo !! sadly a well deserved opener for newcastle . tottenham need to step this up big time . 
things aren't looking to bright at white hart lane ... spurs 0-1 newcastle
tottenham lol
newcastle pressing high up thr pitch not giving tottenham time to distribute the ball . may not last 90min though 
over and over again , point against newcastle doesn't seem all that bad now 
early goal for newcastle . kabadtripan ! 
newcaaaaastle 1-0 vs tottenham
fantastic start for newcastle ! they're all over spurs !
newcastle have a habit of getting in a good position against the big teams . first us , then chelsea and now spurs .
come on tottenham !
remy is wasted at newcastle
not liking this camera angle on newcastle spurs
gool de loic remy !! tottenham 0-1 newcastle 
this was a game that needed an early newcastle goal . * retires to study and loads army revolver *
get in newcastle remy
yessss newcastle !
if newcastle beat spurs and we beat united , we'll be 11 pts clear of united , 8 clear of spurs and 5 clear of liverpool
fucking get in there newcastle :)
 won last 4matchs in row at white hart lane against in 
come on newcastle 🙌
newcastle haven't got a hope in hell of keeping rémy .
well done newcastle
 them yellow shirts are making newcastle play like brazil great start for them , good football
great start for newcastle , this could be a cracker now ! 
yeah newcastle need to give tottenham that work . lol
newcastle playing in yellow . what is this madness !?
 : goal !! goal for newcastle united . loic remy gives the magpies an early lead at white hart lane 
come on newcastle !
hate tottenham but hate newcastle more .....
tottenham are down . remy .
come on newcastle !!!!
if you hate tottenham stand up !
newcastle are a one man team lool
newcastle looking good here 👌
goal ! | tottenham hotspur-newcastle united 0-1 . remy ! 
damn newcastle
what was remy thinking when he choose to sign for qpr ? newcastle need to make him theirs now !
tottenham mind the gap , tottenham tottenham mind the gap !!!
newcastle are flying , don't think it'll last 90 though .
newcastle have started well and ive got remy in my anytime scorer treble 
newcastle all the way !!! 🙌🙌⚽️⚽️
newcastle have got some quality players they should do better really
if tottenham ever learn to gel right ... prem over
newcastle better sign up remy quick and fast .
hope newcastle beat spurs then man utd beats arsenal , that will make my day
good start for newcastle , big fan of pardew don't understand why he gets so much criticism from the fans 
newcastle with their yellow & blue strip look like the invincibles , they're playing like them as well , great start 
great play by newcastle , for all the talk about tottenham this season , they don't frighten me , their signings don't fill the void of bale
wow , tottenham are boring 😴
tottenham have no goal threat because there not playing defoe ! 
i said newcastle had it in them to beat spurs today 0-1 remy
that was a superb finish from loic remy for newcastle i think they deserve to be in the lead they've been playing well . 
newcastle and sunderland win and united v arsenal draw please 🙏
c'mon newcastle finish these spurs
loic remy puts newcastle ahead ! 
newcastle are winning lool
btw can someone tell me why everyone is calling newcastle utd brazil ??
i need newcastle to win to recoup my losses from last nights ufc utter travesty .
tottenham is defending terribly
newcastle <3
 advances against 
usual story : i leave the telly for 5 mins and a goal is scored ... newcastle makes it 0-1 ...
 need sunderland , newcastle and manchester utd to win today !
newcastle have had a great start , attacking very well
starting to really like newcastle don't think there a bad team tbh th 0-1 new
gornnn newcastle !
go on newcastle ! beginning to like the toon .
newcastle play like brazilian ! outfit today also like brazil ! 
newcastle looks confident 
remy on fire this season !! newcastle 1 up 
13 ' gol newcastle ! loic remy . tottenham 0-1 newcastle 
goallll !! remy ishak meletakkan newcastle dihadapan spurs 1-0 .. poor on you spurs !!
toon , toon , toon , toon toon , toon . toon , toon , toon , toon toon , toon . toon , toon , toon , toon toon , toon . come on newcastle !
1-0 newcastle !! get in remy !!
tottenham game already kicked off i take it
14′ 0 - 1 newcastle united
but de pour !
get in newcastle !
don't know why no else took remy apart from newcastle
if tottenham don't win today they are seriously worst team ever to do on ya footy bets
1-0 newcastle v totemham already !! what are you saying spurs◼️◻️
i remember newcastle against everton and they were dire . seen them against us and now this opening 20 , complete turn around .
 don dey chop own ooo like banana 0-1 newcastle
tottenham are just depressing to watch at the minute .
 gol del newcastle , ( remy 13') . tottenham 0-1 newcastle .
hana go on newcastle !
go newcastle !!!
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane .
quality newcastle goal , beautiful .
remy could score a few today with this slow spurs defence and 42yo keeper . spurs have to pressure , newcastle to counterattack
supporting tottenham in this match . 
1-0 newcastle . howayyyy
well in newcastle , fucking hate spurs 
what a game between spurs and newcastle . remy good goal ( y) .
newcastle will win . sunderland will draw . man utd will win . 
keep playing like this and that won't be the only goal newcastle score . :o/
remy's not too bad really is he haha . come on newcastle !
newcastle are a good side . them and everton the strongest in england . it's basel though who are probably the best in europe ....
is it too early for newcastle to park the bus ?? lol
if newcastle let go cabaye ... relegation .. dem ago fight fa
newcastle hitting abit of form
so spurs piss about with it at the back and newcastle score . i'd suggest not doing that again .
i watch tottenham play because i'm a female , and i like to treat myself
yes come on newcastle !!! want to keep saints at number 3 haha !
come on newcastle 
nice goal by remy , giving newcastle a well deserved lead . all came down to the pressing . cabaye is pleasure to watch 
gouffran steals d ball from paulinho , passes to remy , through on goal scores 0-1 to newcastle !
newcastle will do well this season , remy is unreal ! 
how to ruin your life - go on a night out in newcastle
newcastle is the most improved team in the premier league .. 
and also hope that newcastle win today !!
comon newcastle 🙌🙌🙌
hate watching newcastle before we play .
tottenham have looked very not interested early on . have let newcastle dictate the play . 
none of the 33 premier league goals newcastle have scored in 2013 have been by an englishman . 
my nanna and cousin are making me watch newcastle i feel like ripping my eyes out
the boy can certainly finish ... it's loic remy for newcastle , 1-0 !
wtf tottenham better not loose
great start by newcastle , full of confidence 
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . ( loic remy )
why are we always shit against newcastle ? we look so nervous
remy scores for newcastle . 18 ' 1-0 newcastle united . 
goal ! spurs 0-1 newcastle ( 13 mins ) gouffran slips the ball through to loic remy , who takes it around friedel before slotting home 
newcastle win united go a head of tottenham we go 5th 🙌🙌
great goal by that , some nice play by both teams at the moment but newcastle have had spurs on the back foot the last 10 mins
newcastle are all over spurs
tottenham playing shit right now ! definitely have more gears to go through ! 
remy on if he'll sign for newcastle at the end of the season , " we'll see " aka i'll keep scoring goals and hope arsenal come for me .
lovely day but cool !! newcastle just scored against spurs and are still 1-0 in lead after 16mins !!
tottenham trailing by one goal already very unpredictable
really want newcastle to win
keep it up newcastle !
 come on newcastle .. win that game .
okay ... isit jz me or is newcastle strtn to improve ??? nice goal yh ...
sitting in me hammers shirt with me toon father in law cheering on newcastle . lets all laugh at totscum !!
newcastle win , and utd win today would be fab
😬go newcastle
newcastle , city & arsenal win today please ! 
like pardew . built a good team . good record wherever he's been . settled newcastle down into a excellent prem side 
goal !! remy puts newcastle 1-0 vs spurs ! 
hope tottenham ans arsenal lose tonight
you'd still fancy spurs unless newcastle can go 2-0 up
comeon newcastle !!!! tambah !!!!
go newcastle ... <3
 draws first blood !
yes newcastle !!!
newcastle have score already man !
that was appalling tottenham aren't even capable of scoring two in a match
get in newcastle by the way
newcastle is all over spurs .
mantaaappp remy !! tottenham hotspurs 0-1 newcastle united ( remy 13 ' )
blow the final whistle , foy ! newcastle 0-1 up at the shite hart lane , woah 
said to the boys yesterday id expect newcastle and southampton to be up there at the end of the season
come on newcastle
newcastle are dominating
up newcastle whoop whoop .... spurs are overrated
come on newcastle !
sweet one remi . newcastle keep it up against d spuds . 0-1 14mins
yohan cabaye is seriously to good for newcastle ..
 spurs vs newcastle .
tottenham are slacking
hehehe ..... i said it happy feelings loic remy's scored !!!! tottenham 0-1 newcastle
newcastle outplaying spurs
stupid fucking tottenham
yay newcastle
remy puts newcastle ahead
newcastle captain chose the side of the pitch that's shaded from the sun so their strikers would have an edge . and it paid off !.
newcastle winning ? yes ! kind to us 2 weeks in a row :)
tottenham again
spurs are so boring . newcastle are shite as well
i was on the brink of having a bet on newcastle losing to nil . phew .
newcastle away
new castle ahead against tottenham
for fucks sake tottenham .
wheres this new newcastle come from ! what a result this could be ! 🔥⚽️
taking bets guys , even goalscorer bets ! and love bets for tottenham vs newcastle
tottenham are losing from newcastle at white hart lane . hahahahaha
newcastle looking absolutely lethal on the counter !! midfield will need to be bloody careful if we're to get anything at st james
tottenham should be all over looking to sign remy in january if they wanna be a massive threat throughout the season
goal for newcastle , 0-1 tottenham vs newcastle
newcastle . winning ?!
spurs fans still excited about newcastle scoring ?! 
newcastle's kit is like the arsenal away kit
newcastle have regained their confidence now they r going to create alot of trouble for everyone .. 
newcastle power !
score update : tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy ) 14th min .
newcastle !!!!
we are tottenham hotspur
i actually like newcastle . they have some flair about them . though i like spurs too . looking good so far !
come on newcastle get in there
i do like newcastle
spurs probably did that on purpose so they can celebrate 1-1 at newcastle
go on newcastle !
what the fuck is up with tottenham this season ?
remy is deadly ! newcastle are giant killers this season
fucks sake tottenham this is not what i want to see when i'm stuck at a service station in arse end of nowhere : -| 
please wash off spurs newcastle
funny how you can only hear the newcastle chants at white hart lane #1 #0
go on newcastle
newcastle are proving that spurs are shit - 0-1 it stands
goal spurs 0-1 newcastle ( 13 mins ) gouffran slips the ball through to loic remy , who takes it around friedel before slotting home "
go on newcastle !
so how many newcastle fans are up pardew's backside now ?
go on newcastle 
where the tottenham fans at then !? 
how are spurs losing to bloody newcastle 😂😂
newcastle woop
13 mins in and newcastle are already fucking up my coupon !
great . bet's already down with tottenham losing . come on spurs !
go on newcastle
decent start by newcastle
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane ."
wow wtf spurs 110 million spent in the summer and we r losing to newcastle !!
this is fantastic from newcastle ! 1-0 clinical finishing from remy . when will spurs turn up ?
keep if going newcastle !
newcastle looking good !
newcastle looking like brazil in yellow kit !! 
loic remy put newcastle up by 1 goal
is newcastle on the rise again ?
fucking come on newcastle , remy in the dream team and beating the white hart lane scum
spurs 0-1 newcastle ! they spend it all on trash
nice to see chelsea lose yesterday and hopefully tottenham to also lose .
 dominating here at be nice to see them lose although their the first team on my accum 
first goal of super sunday get in newcastle hate tottenham !
 look lovely in this opening 15 minutes . well deserved lead , but poor from dembele ! 
newcastle playing some good stuff so far
that draw at newcastle starting to look good
remy what a signing for newcastle !
newcastle game againsed spurs today , ey lets hava see who wins then
come on newcastle !!! fuck spurs
football news loic remy has scored for newcastle . they lead spurs 1-0
me and james are watching football , and i understand it . apparently i also support newcastle ... okay ....
i was thinking of £1 treble . newcastle , sunderland and utd ... well
surprised our defence isn't playing 10 yards deeper with brad in goal . newcastle really looking to expose the space .
remy makes newcastle fans forget all about demba ba
newcastle are looking good .
haha ! yes newcastle now city need to lose and we'll be 5th
newcastle playing well
haha come on newcastle
this is the old newcastle !! playing entertaining , quick break football ! 4future
get in newcastle ⚽️
i don't think newcastle have the minerals to beat chelsea and tottenham in back to back fixtures , spurs could turn this around
the first goal of the day comes from newcastle's front-man loic remy . the guy knows how to score , even at the lane ! 
tottenham need bale .. or else them ago just continue getting a bad result
yes newcastle
prediction : newcastle will now park the bus
that's a crime newcastle playing in brazil colours
lets go 
newcastle !
16 minutos en y el ya pierde 0-1 contra gol de 
ffs tottenham , can't even keep a clean sheet when i want you to ...
can't tell whether i'm watching newcastle or brazil .
change of fortune for newcastle . one goal up against tottenham . quite stunning , really .
hope newcastle don't think there getting remy on the cheap .
lose to sunderland , win 2-0 to chelsea , winning 1-0 at spurs right now .. 
newcastle just scored 😏😏😏
ysss newcastle !
at first i thought spurs were playing brazil . the yellow kit . haha . let's go newcastle .
newcastle is balling
need newcastle and sunderland to win 
great finish from , wanted arsenal to pick him up last summer but has rape case hanging over him . only on loan at 
goool de remy ! ( min 13 ) tottenham 0 - newcastle 1 * 
terbaik newcastle . beat spurs !
get in there , newcastle !
goalllllll spurs 0 vs newcastle 1 ....
newcastle are on a roll
remy maks it 1 for newcastle
its not really that shocking that this tottenham team is yet to really gel , too many new players brought in
 
spurs really aren't a team that chase games , wouldn't be surprised if newcastle win this
haway tottenham man , you can't let the scum beat you
gool del newcastle , marca remy . asaltan los visitantes el feudo de los spurs . tottenham 0-1 newcastle
tbh paulinho is to be blamed for the newcastle goal .
yeayyy goal ! newcastle 1 - 0 tottenham . one direction .
oaaaaaaal remy !!!! newcastle 1-0 spurs
hope newcastle win today
newcastle so good . but eeks their jersey .
tottenham look set to let me down for more money today , they cant score unless it is a penalty .
this is how u start an epic sunday of football . 
newcastle do ur job
yes newcastle !
remy is decent ; come in newcastle
what time will tottenham get their penalty today ?
newcastle aka my fave
newcastle or draw 6/4 that's a nice bet
really want to watch the newcastle game but my bed is just to comfy
go on newcastle ! tottenham 💩
my dear adam khoo instructor told us not to celebrate early , don't celebrate too early newcastle 
newcastle leading makes the draw more likely 
epl live : home team tottenham hotspur trailing 0 - 1 newcastle united ( loic remy 13') .
yes ! newcastle lead . remy !
that won't be the last newcastle score . there isn't a chance we can score 3 .
remy > benzema . he should play regularly for france ! come on 
can see newcastle working the counter this full game
go on newcastle
spurs controlled the game for the 1st 9 minutes but are now behind and newcastle are looking more confident on the ball
newcastle playing like the home team !
newcastle even have ben arfa on the bench ...
peak for tottenham but them could still win , maybe
newcastle are playing like the home side .
goooooooooooooooooooool de remyyyyyy tottenham 0 newcastle 1 !!!
free kick 2 newcastle
newcastle vai vencendo o tottenham em pleno white hart lane . 16 minutos , 1-0 para os magpies , gol de remy .
tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle 12 ' remy - bg
ball retention is also poor today . newcastle win all over it at this rate .
newcastle , sunderland and man utd win today ! off to a good start ! boom 
yes newcastle !
remy wont go back to qpr and he certainly wont stay at newcastle .
newcastle are all over spurs .
newcastle 1-0 ( remy 13mins )
still early but newcastle look like they have this
off we go .... common newcastle . arsenal and sunderland ... lets fuckin have them ...
hate sundays , got tonsillitis again , tottenham are losing , shit loads of coursework to do . one step forward , half a mile back .
tottenham always let themselves down
loic remy scores ! 0-1 newcastle are leading at shite hart lane💪
newcastle yes !!
newcastle need to buy remey
actually want newcastle to beat tottenham because tottenham are top 4 contenders
newcastle game now , city at 2 then united at 4 
spurs don't have an answer for remy right now . friedel getting stitched up . newcastle lead .
oh ... newcastle leading ... respect remy
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane ."
tottenham are shit 
newcastle have been fantastic , pressurising & not allowing them time on the ball . cool finish from remy , what a signing .
cmon newcastle
poor old tottenham same old shit different day ! and you have shit fans
newcastle leading . good good .
 goal alert : tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( loic remy 13 ) 
tottenham 0-1 newcastle <3 !!!!!!!
didn't see newcastle winning this to be honest
newcastle lead , my predictions start off well
newcastle utd !!!!!!!!! plz boys beat the spurs
go newcastle united
selling gareth bale = +£86m spending on new players = -£110m tottenham still being shit = priceless .
loric remy is far too good to be playing for newcastle united
come on newcastle you little belter 
newcastle fans are great
come on newcastle :d
remember that the chavs also lost to newcastle .
newcastle playing well today . bring down spurs tonight . come on .
head is pounding and my brother decides to blow his whistle over and over again . can't wait to get back to a quietish house in newcastle .
tottenham an newcastle game is promising but i gt to move it so i can watch man u vs arsernal ndapagweru , an im still in harare :(
1-0 newcastle !! fucking yaaasss
like ---> newcastle utd . or comment ---> spurs ~ heptaskepta
all newcastle's players are black , obvs they're gonna win
goal - remy ( 12 mins ): spurs 0-1 newcastle tetap semangat c.o.y.s !
' fucking hell tottenham you fucking bunch of shitty wasters ' dads so dramatic over his football
no english man has scored for newcastle this season ....
so boring watching tottenham now , so sloppy , no one with pace or the ability to finish
dembele getting frustrated , newcastle pressing this looks promising
great play from newcastle . great determination from them . 
newcastle think they are brazil with this kit .....
goool de remy ! ( min 13 ) tottenham 0 - newcastle 1 * 
newcastle on that french revolution tip , similar to arsenal in the early 2000s
free kick for newcastle 
supporting the underdogs today . newcastle , sunderland and man united ..
remy scores once again for newcastle ! 
newcastle is a bad bad team
tottenham giving away the ball far too easily . 
no englishman has scored for newcastle in the league in 2013 .
1 nill newcastle ! go on !
goal !!!!!!!!!!! newcastle welldone
 . what a shocker , newcastle up 1goal in the first 15 at white hart lane !!
who tottenham want dey above ?
get in newcastle !!! 1-0
whenever i slate tottenham on here , they score , so here i go , they have been poor , nothing upfront still , joke avb
tottenham vs france . it's currently 1-0 to the french thanks to a well deserved goal by loic remy .
newcastle united .... it's like watching brazil !
yes newcastle !
newcastle midfield r playing like beasts at the moment .. that's saying something against spurs
is it possible for spurs to score 2 goals to come back against newcastle ? i don't think so
goal spurs 0-1 newcastle ( 13 mins ) gouffran slips the ball through to loic remy , who takes it around friedel before slotting home
currently spurs 1 - 1 newcastle ( if you count spurs ' complementary bullshit penalty )
remy scores . tottenham 0-1 newcastle .
boom !! newcastle !! get in !!!
go on newcastle !
this spurs game is like a game of fifa newcastle are pressing the high pressure button on the d pad !
" why does the team need 3rd kit ?" hahahaha hina li jak . newcastle mok juak jersey banyak2 .
it isn't 1-1 at newcastle
newcastle always going to win this , spurs aren't dangerous what so ever
go ' ed newcastle
all newcastle have to do to win this game is not foul in the box . therefore if spurs don't get a pen they won't score
utd vs arsenal - draw , city & tottenham losing would be perfect results for me !
well deserved lead by newcastle .
newcastle's kit -_-
today , and today only ...... i'm a newcastle fan ......... haway , and all that shite !!
 : en juego . tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle .
come on newcastle .
i hope tottenham and arsenal lose today
newcastle :d yeeaaaaaah please beat spurs
anyone who says there is no spice to the lv cup obviously hasn't tried the jalapeno sandwiches in the newcastle falcons press room ! 
yes newcastle 1-0 up
when newcastle score a goal it is good
tottenham tho
tothenam 0-1 newcastle 
yes newcastle
c'mon newcastle !! 
newcastle are all over spurs like that drunk uncle that nobody likes to talk about .
i always saw danger in the remy kid from newcastle
tottenham fans must be wondering why , season upon season , they were linked to remy but passed up the chance to sign him . anyone who saw him .
newcastle lucky to have remy
wuhuuu newcastle take the lead again tottenham
goal !! loic remy 5pur2 0-1 newcastle
keep it up newcastle 
dembele's over-confidence on the ball gives newcastle the lead through remy
well newcastle spring into a early lead , have they shot their lot to quickly ?
great start for newcastle . remy is class .
newcastle raping spurs . lol
newcastle 1-0 up already . is right you geordie farts .
newcastle bossing us in midfield 
did newcastle pay a fee and get remy for the season , because well erm , stating the obvious but ...
remy puts newcastle ahead . brilliant player . 1-0
cabye is way too good for newcastle 
we should have signed remy wait hes on loan at newcastle isn't he 
newcastle take the lead , tot 0- 1 new ..
newcastle is leading against tottenham 1-0
newcastle want it more at the moment
tottenham better not fuck my coupon on the first game . 😨
i want newcastle to win this
now we'll see what are made of ... 0-1 newcastle 
we're a joke team to be losing to newcastle
newcastle 1goal up against totteham ... it is now premier league starts ...,.
get in newcastle .
feels like a long day already .. newcastle are here to frustrate .. but 
newcastle is op
haha comeon newcastle
 hotspurs : goal ! spurs 0-1 newcastle . remy ( 13 ) right footed from close
yes newcastle !
i want spurs to drop points so we get ahead of them . no offence avb . come on newcastle :)
gooooaalll !!! 1-0 newcastle vs tottenham by loic remy
newcastle . pardew . make my day ...
no english player has scored for newcastle united in 2013 . shocking that .
there goes my double defensive clean sheet on fantasy football .. but i don't care , tottenham are losing !
newcastle are leading and they deserve to be . poor passage of play from friedel and we need sandro . so obvious . 
everton and newcastle are wearing the yellow kits this year as well .
will newcastle win again this time ?
goal @ white hart lane and newcastle are spoiling the party in north london remy takes it past the goalkeeper
if newcastle don't permanently sign remy i'm gunna be pissed off
no english player has scored for newcastle in 2013 ????
14 of newcastle's last 15 goals been scored by frenchmen .
alaamak spurs .. newcastle dah 1
aha newcastle get in !! remy just scored !
newcastle are not only looking like brazil today but actively imitating them 
remy would be well suited to play at the emirates , would be a good signing for wegner following his loan spell at newcastle .
tottenham have stared so badly
no talk sport commentator , paulinho won't mistake newcastle for brazil .
why do we always play so poorly against the shit sides , west ham and now newcastle
dire from tottenham this . beaten to everything so far .
howay newcastle .... 
still no english player score for newcastle this season .
newcastle are @ it again with their kind of game again .....
looks like tottenham have gone to the ' westwood sharks art of not being able to tackle school '.
newcastle are dominating
why is newcastle playing so beautiful ?
tottenham defence usually relied on lloris to rush out to get the ball . without him their back is too vulnerable .
newcastle looking very confident . passing has been superb
newcastle leading 
yeah come on newcastle !
newcastle's goal today was the first we've conceded to a non london side in the premier league . 
come on newcastle !!!
newcastle
yes !! yes ! loic remy 1 -0 tottenham ! come on newcastle united ! let's fuck tottenham
get in newcastle
spurs been woeful can barley put 2/3 passes together could see newcastle gettin ' a few more here 🔥
that goal was just pure pressure from newcastle
guess newcastle re unstoppeable at d moment
rosez arr red violetz arr blue ur losin tu newcastle ? dats y i left u
for a team that seems to be so heavily relying on 1 goal wins , tottenham's defence is a bit poor 
i don't know why i want newcastle to win today
this is going to be a battering for tottenham
did anyone else just see michael jackson in the newcastle fans ?
i don't want to tempt fate but ... newcastle united , it's just like watching brazil
cmon you barcodes ! 
spurs against newcastle
remy is far too good for newcastle
goal : tottenham 0-1 newcastle
regretting my decision to swap remy out of my dream team nearly every game ! more goals than newcastle got last season nearly ! ha 
13 ' but de remy pour newcastle . totthenam 0-1 newcastle
only way tottenham will win is if we bring lamela and defoe on
so close to 2-0 ! come on newcastle !!!
.. in france knew he was far too good for qpr and newcastle .
14 of 15 goals scored by newcastle av been 4rm french guys
newcastle are battering spurs so far
tottenham vs newcastle sounds live , gatts tune in .
soft free kick to newcastle ...
 recipe for disaster here . spurs have to chase the game and newcastle have already got in behind twice . remy will be licking his lips .
18 ' newcastle 1 spurs 0
great start for spurs against newcastle 😂
tottenham need to get sandro in the team , underrated player . newcastle started well though and two v good through balls for my man loic
newcastle 1 . tottenham 0 . this makes me so happy
damn newcastle
class start from newcastle
tottenham have started so badly
nw ; tottenham - newcastle
said because of that , they'll make sure that newcastle , sunderland & al ahly will win and the man utd vs arsenal match will end as a draw ..
yess newcastle come on
tottenham v newcastle is more exciting than i expected !
what was tottenham's defence doing
yessss newcastle
paulinho shits out of a 50/50 with yoan goiffran for newcastle's goal , very poor from the brazilian ! 
struggled to get here ! but spurs vs newcastle ! ⚽
newcastle is literally whipping the pitch with tottenham
come on newcastle
spurs vs newcastle .....
as if some newcastle fan was just stood there on her phone . watch the bloody match
wheyy newcastle winning . that might shut some of the smug spurs fans up .
newcastle 0-1 up against spurs at white hart lane ! come on !! 
for fuck sake , that's my gambling day down the shitter already . thanks tottenham for nothing :(
non stop running in the first 15 from every player in a newcastle shirt 
newcastle wearing a brazil kit , spurs making them look like brazil - toon lead 1-0 here at the lane
newcastle arsenal colours spuds nightmare
but de remy l pour newcastle face e tottenahm
tottenham hotspurs vs france united .
go orrrrrn newcastle !
newcastle repeatedly ripping spurs apart . the famous opening three minutes of brazil v ussr in 1958 must have looked a bit like this
newcastle
what's newcastle playing at winning
nobody giving newcastle a chance here and look they are one up . they did beat chelsea and got a draw against liverpool . they aren't bad
newcastle are dominating
go on newcastle !!!!!
haha ! just started not more than 20min and tottenham is trailing by 1 goal . 1 of the top 6 teams from last few seasons
goodluck newcastle 
goolll !!! remy !!! tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle united
newcastle is leading by a goal tru loic remy
im so serious right now ... cabaye= newcastle
poor goal to give away from tottenham
do think we need to play our 4-5-1 v newcastle , 4 in midfield could be too open 
spurs trying to play their usual high line , not gonna work when lloris isnt in goal and newcastle are pressing
newcastle don't look right in a yellow kit
spurs v newcastle 
come on newcastle get another
what do we think of tottenham ? shit . what do we think of shit ? tottenham .
c'mon newcastle !
come on tottenham !!
haha go on newcastle !
newcastle are bad copy cats 
g'won newcastle
abeg i let newcastle beat tottenham joor
go on newcastle 
spurs/newcastle , sunderland/city , united/arsenal , nfl redzone , cats/northern kentucky then saints/cowboys tonight if i can pry my eyes open
c'monnnn france ( newcastle )
oh no . it's not looking good for spurs ! newcastle are on a roll : tottenham vs newcastle ( 17 ' ) vs 
spurs & newcastle has the potential to be a cracker with that early goal
goaaaaal remy ! spurs 0-1 newcastle !
would love a newcastle win👌
lovely newcastle !
come on newcastle
newcastle all over spurs here mind
has anyone ever taught townsend how to pass the ball ? we're called tottenham hotspur not townsend hotspur ! 
i love newcastle
great start this day newcastle take the lead , then just hope that both city drop points and a draw between united-arsenal would be perfect
newcastle playing like brazil 
they are playing in yellow and blue , but only spurs can make newcastle look like brazil . pathetic from spurs so far 
midfield shambles from tottenham there .
ffs tottenham can't score 2
spurs - newcastle now !
chickens find them selves behind with remy giving alead to newcastle .. * makas *
nice atonement for the early miss . spurs 0-1 newcastle
and newcastle are 1-0 up ... good stuff remy
newcastle winning yess
looool what ? ' spurs over tottenham everyday ' lmfao girls belong in the kitchen .
gotta feeling tottenham are gunna get tumped 😩
go on remy , cmon newcastle !!!!
you beauty loic remy newcastle
yes newcastle
didn't realise tottenham was playing brazil ! :-/
0-1 va ganando el newcastle con gol de remy .
i waiting to see if france will leave home these newcastle players .
hopefully newcastle keep this up ... will keep southampton 3rd ⚽️👌
spurs havent been scoring much . newcastle can close this out .
newcastle looked the better team here
tottenham please lose , just want to see mr lund's reaction tomorrow😂😂
newcastle bossing shite hart lane at the moment , keep going !
newcastle with a deserved lead , spurs looking very sloppy and unorganised
14 ' tottenham 0-1 newcastle * remy beinsport live
goal newcastle ! they lead 0-1 against tottenham at the whl .
i'm a spurs fan ... mums a newcastle fan ... this could be awkward !!!
newcastle v spurs .
i'd love a newcastle , sunderland and arsenal win today .
1-0 newcastle fucking have it !
is this brazil playing or newcastle ?
newcastle , man city and arseal to win please . and marquez !! :)
tottenham need to play defoe man
tottenham spend 100+ mill we spend 0
newcastle - tottenham au calme !
hate newcastle but 
good newcastle 👍
 tottenham vs new castle .
tottenham will not make top 4 this season 
newcastle are on this
let's all laugh at tottenham ! 17 ' spu 0-1 new -btc-
wow newcastle !
bet on spurs to win but will take a newcastle win all day long . if they lose this , with chelsea having lost and utd/arse having to drop ...
spurs losing at home to newcastle .... perfect start to super sunday . cannot wait for the huge game later ! 
gol loic remy tottenham 0-1 newcastle .
tottenham looks outmatched
come on newcastle 1-0😊
newcastle been doing me plenty of favours recently . c'mon beat spurs ! 
go on newcastle ! 
come on newcastle !!! 
newcastle have scored 33 goals this season , and not one has been by an english man
why the fuck does remy play for newcastle
c'mon newcastle !
newcastle are playing well against spurs 
newcastle !!!
14 of newcastle's 15 goals this season are scored by frenchmen cabale
newcastle on target !!!!
newcastle are such a strange side this season , have been dreadful at times but also quality !
i change the station and newcastle scores
gol de loic remy . totenham 0-1 newcastle .
newcastle have started well
right lfc great yesterday . chelsea kept back . newcastle and man u to do some good work today n hopefully we will be only 2 points behind
can only see tottenham winning though
i don't see why newcastle can't win spurs
newcastle is giving spurs headache at white hart lane . spurs 0-1 newcastle . are we going to see another spurs ' penalty ? 
chiriches looks a gem . tottenham's best summer signing .
tottenham hotspur vs newcastle live now ! newcastle are leading 1-0 already .
go go go newcastle
once newcastle united makes loic remy's loan deal a permanent deal , he becomes papiss cisse !! 
come on newcastle !!!!! spurs havint spent 2 much this year 2 be fair ....... 💷💷💰💷💰💷💰💷💰💷💰💷
 || goool de newcastle !!! gool loic remy en el 13 ' que lo adelantan en en el marcador . 0-1 
newcastle attacking very quickly and causing spurs all kind of problems .
dying horses in full support of newcastle
brazil look brilliant against tottenham !
newcastle are fired up in those bright colors . lol
newcastle's kit is lush
support newcastle all the way
fact : atm , no english player has scored for newcastle in 2013 . 14 of newcastle's 15 goals this season has been scored by french players .
newcastle😱
loïc rémy . he shoots , he scores . i get to use accented letters on twitter 1-0 to newcastle ... 
goal !! tottenaham 0-1 newcastle 13 ' remy
omo newcastle don dy trash totenhamen oooo
come on newcastle
as long as newcastle don't concede a penalty they'll get all 3 points .
12 min : from the resulting corner on the left , sissoko heads over at the near post . tottenham are all over the place here !
newcastle on top , keep going & get another .. 
come on france .. i mean newcastle !
safe newcastle
get in newcastle !!!! 
love u remy aha > < newcastle 1-0 spur
as soon as spurs score newcastle will flop
 tottenham - newcastle
tottenham are getting shat on
can qpr cancel remy's loan ? give them and newcastle a decent loan fee and take remy for 6 months .
sky sports today is unbelievable . tottenham city united ath madrid barca wow .
tottenham vs newcastle united .
goaallll ! loic remy !! ' 13 ( tottenham 0-1 newcastle ) 
1-0 newcastle lead the game .
newcastle might as well change their colours for red-white-blue . 14 of their 15 goals scored this year were netted by frenchmen . 
newcastle are showing up as i needed . :)
go , newcastle ! you beautiful magpies , you !
after the liverpool game , the coach realized that newcastle play good with 10 men , that's y ameobi starts ,
newcastle winning ??? fucking yasss
1-0 pour newcastle !
genuwinely think newcastle's " attempt " at a brazil kit is simply awful 
c'mon newcastle
don't get how defoe doesn't start more for tottenham .
leggo newcastle !
hahahahahhahahahahaha shitty tottenham .... wait ooooooooooooh did dey really spend £108m ..... the olodos ave scored only 9 goals
if newcastle get a second they will just sit back and that'll be it . we cannot afford to concede again .
why does defoe not fucking start for tottenham ?!
fuck it !!! come on tottenham
how are newcastle doing well all of a sudden ?
i've got tottenham to win 2-1 think there will be more goals then that lol !
remy is so sick , want to see newcastle sign him for good , deserves better than qpr
says a lot about reactionary football fans . newcastle were nailed on for relegation after the opening weekend apparently ...
this spurs and newcastle match is on very early
newcastle look really good . working twice as hard as spurs .
spurs 0 -1 newcastle . keep it up newcastle . beat that shit team .
get in the newcastle . finish spurs off . 
i think tottenham's biggest problem is that avb doesn't know his best team . that , and soldado is terrible .
tottenham ... seriously
spurs spent all that money and are losing at home to newcastle . 
come on newcastle !
newcastle look dangerous going forward
what the hell are newcastle wearing ?
so newcastle come through for me today man
 tottenham vs newcastle
newcastle 1-0 up , get in !! 
or should i say newcastle link ?
tottenham have never looked so outnumbered
newcastle are on it 😂
much love newcastle !
we hate tottenham we hate tottenham
i should watch tottenham vs newcastle , not skyfall - , -
ps . newcastle in yellow and blue ? no . just no .
if newcastle hold on to this lead what a fucking weekend it will of been
have no apologies wishing newcastle to win .
 absolutely brilliant goal by newcastle united ! tottenham needs to get going , down 0-1 newcastle team looks hungry for more
yes !! yes ! loic remy 1 -0 tottenham ! come on newcastle united ! let's fuck tottenham 
what do we think of tottenham ?
fuck off newcastle
fam if tottenham lose to newcastle ima be angry
long way back now for spurs . second best . well deserved goal for newcastle .
newcastle playing some intelligent football . 5 in the midfield and pressing on dembele every time he's on the ball .
despise newcastle but they've got some real talent
woah !!!!!!!!! newcastle doing the job right !
if newcastle beats tottenham and we beat arsenal . 
newcastle , city , united 
tottenham are painful to watch at the moment
come on newcastle !
ave em newcastle
only just put on the newcastle game and we're already winning remyyyyy
newcastle !! boom tottenham
14 of the 15 goals newcastle have scored this season , have been by frenchmen
newcastle already beating spurs
i don't rate tottenham at all , they're not serious title contenders
newcastle need to sign remy permanently !
the shit from tottenham hotspur went to rome to see the pope and this is what he said fuck off
newcastle wearing yellow and blue . they know !! ( plus interesting to see how puma would handle that color scheme ) 
gwarn newcastle ... but spurs are mucking up my acca already
wazi newcastle
spurs are playn shite .. mags r al owa em .. haway tottenham man ..
i think the commentators want tottenham to win
most top premiership teams have a decent , agile brazilian player , tottenham have paulinho ..
newcastle's away jersey is so similar to 's . this is surely the reason they are dominating the spurs . 
how does it feel to be tottenham , how does it feel to be small
if tottenham had a decent striker , they could be a great team
sense a pattern of newcastle's style will be crosses into friedel most the day !
newcastle lead through a loic remy goal
if remy is still playing for newcastle in january ill be shocked
newcastle 1 up . that wasn't meant to happen . potential accum buster !
if newcastle can get some good form and get remy , ben arfa and krul on good consistent form , they could be pushing euro league easily
tottenham v newcastle ko 12.00 on a sunday . where is the logic ??
come on newcastle
newcastle have scored 33 goals this year non by an englishman . remy . who is on loan from qpr . is french
tottenham getting beaten at home ..
yes newcastle !! #1 -0
come on newcastle 
goal . spurs 0-1 newcastle ( remy )
newcastle ... hmmmmm
 what a super good finish . 
i do like tottenham , but they don't get enough players in the box ? 1 man . 
no englishman has scored for newcastle in 2013 . out of their 15 goals this season , 14 has come from french players 
newcastle seem a different team this season . remy their only signing but it's working .
remy has been a top top signing for newcastle , quality finisher
should be two nil could be three . unlucky tottenham shit
commentator : " you can expect brad friedel to get a clean sheet today ". 20 seconds later tottenham 0-1 newcastle
golll ... l . remy . tottonham 0-1 newcastle
naaaaaa need tottenham to win
get in there newcastle ..!
well this is the ideal start to super sunday ! come on newcastle ! 
newcastle , city and united will win today
newcastle look like brazil
all about character now&let's be honest neither side has much of that ..... newcastle look like a team that plays regularly together .
blimey ... tottenham's defence is enough to give any goalkeeper a headache
get in newcastle ! remy is in great form .
get in newcastle !!! :)
tottenham get it together man !!!!!
newcastle please play a 9-1-0 till the final whistle
fuck off newcastle !
fact : no english player has scored for newcastle this seaon in the epl .
just saw newcastle lead on spuds … come on newcastle
terrific start by newcastle . keep it up , tottingham need to start losing 
that newcastle kit is the nicest in the league 
always scoring guess he is newcastle new ba
aww newcastle yay let's keep going !
just need tottenham city and united to lose 😉
newcastle and remy are on fayah . spurs 0-1 newcastle .
if newcastle was wiped off the face of the planet it would be very beneficial for england , in fact the whole of the north of england
newcastle ( even though i hate them ) and sunderland win today please
spurs 0 newcastle 1 
cabaye is the best playmaker newcastle united had in the last decade . 
as if tottenham are still favourites to win the game and there losing !
can't believe we went and did newcastle at st james park 
newcastle fc the new brazil ! 
might have to watch the spurs game now , just in the hope that newcastle put another 3 or 4 past them .
came back from school with newcastle leading 1-0 ! keep it up  !
newcastle already ahead ...
how dies it feel to be tottenham how does it feel to be small
spurs are down 1-0 to newcastle how
really hope i don't regret not putting money on newcastle to beat spurs , swansea to beat stoke and man utd v arsenal draw . odds were 37/1
yesssss yarab this ends 3-0 for newcastle <3
tottenham are 6th having scored only 9 goals so far . man city are 7th having scored 28 . 
aaahhhhh yeeeessss newcastle . come on lads .
remy 1-0 newcastle
i just learned why tottenham games are mostly on sundays , the city is made up of jews mostly . is that why tottenham are unanimously hated ?
newcastle to win the league
remy makes it 1-0 to newcastle ! get in their you geordiesss !!! 
newcastle already impressing , hope they can hold on and keep going strong in the game
luis suarez has only scored 1 less than the whole of the tottenham squad this season in the league and he's only played 6 games ! 
c'mon newcastle
tottenham loosing already .
newcastle beating tottenham cheeseee😳😃😄 yesss
remy deserves to be at a better club than newcastle
yes newcastle !!!
no english man as score for newcastle in the epl this a season .
tottenham really need to get it together
newcastle better win
did arsenal lend newcastle their away winning kit . 
omg wheres this new newcastle come from ! what a result this could be ! 🔥⚽️
put spurs in a bet and newcastle score , but if i lose my bet i hope it's on this game
yes !! yes ! loic remy 1 -0 tottenham ! come on newcastle united ! let's fuck tottenham
super sunday hatrick spurs v newcastle sunderland v man city man utd v arsenal 
newcastle are 1-0 up , last thing i wanna if is be on my way to work now 
remy has been very impressive this season . newcastle 1 up
i hope loic remy somehow manages to stay at newcastle united next season . this team's style of play suits him perfectly & he's doing great .
nasty kit , decent finish . newcastle lead . good price at 7-1 yesterday ( well , it looks a good price right now )
hate spurs ! come on newcastle
remy score for newcastle :(
it's just like watching brazil - well , the kit anyway . soldado strolling around , waiting for a tottenham penalty . 
i think tottenham need to buy a striker and play saldado at cf
2 amazing facts . none of the 33 goals newcastle have scored this calender year have been by an englishmen . theyve only scored 33 goals .
wah da heck is hapenin 2 tottenham ........ dey re 1 goal dwn
very clever from newcastle . turn up in arsenal colours and spurs will shit the bed . haha . 
tottenham u sold bale and we got ozil
finished watching motd and turn over to find newcastle winning :)
for your kind information- newcastle will be playing manchester united next 
tottenham no get shot on target sef 😂😂😂😂
newcastle 1 up !
going to say if newcastle go 2-0 there will be no comeback from that
yes newcastle hahah
12 points from penalties .. spurs are shite . come on newcastle
great , have tottenham on my multi . 
yes ! come on newcastle !
come on newcastle
no one english have scored for for newcastle in 2013 lol
none of the 33 premier league goals newcastle have scored in 2013 have been by an englishman
high pressing from newcastle is working a treat
i'm trying out this accumulator thingy today . i've put spurs to win . so of course newcastle will win . obviously .
remy has got the remedy at newcastle hasnt he
that newcastle away kit looks like one of those pro star kits you got in bb . same colour as first magheragall too . best team about .
tottenham were better without all the new signings
would love a newcastle win at shit hart lane 💩 but just realised i've got #5pur2 on most of my bets 😂
newcastle is playing arsenal away kit colours just to scare tottenham . 
newcastle is on fireeee ... kwanza remyyyy
yes newcastle ! remy you beast !
there a strange side newcastle .
tottenham has the most overrated team line up in decades .
steady je newcastle haha , toiletham hotspur ape cer ?
newcastle united : making title race better since 2011
but wait . wenger you no see remy buy ?! how did you even let him join newcastle
yes newcastle 
newcastle beating spurs ( y )
blimey newcastle are plying like brazil !
remy scores for newcastle against spurs .
we dont win when we go behind . fucksake tottenham liven up
looool newcastle are actually beating tottenham !
come on newcastle !!
lol 1 0 newcastle 100 million spurs are so dead they have nobody who can put the ball in the net
is newcastle at home . u can hear there fans more .
tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united ( remy 13 ' )
newcastle's remy-dy ⚽️
newcastle are playing canny good like ! love to see the cunts get beat though
big test for today , unimpressive so far against . lets get focused and get some goals . 
take nothing away from newcastle . they've started the game so well . remy such a threat .
half this tottenham team are still in their bed 
great start newcastle , keep it up !! 
newcastle doing the right things at white hart lane !
tottenham are bad . really bad .
yesssssss newcastle !!!!!!!! ccome ooooooonnnnnnnn
haha tottenham is losing atm
c'mon newcastle !!!!!
" haha tottenham aren't getting in the top four " when did i ever say they would ? can't bring that talk to me
newcastle please win this game !! 
now u know chelsea is good . 
goal to newcastle , loic remy makes it 1-0 .
i'd love newcastle to beat tottenham
come on newcastle
this game is off to a flyer . if all the games are like this , this truly will be a 
tottenham can't do nout with our remy 1-0 !!!!
lol sp*rs losing 0-1 to newcastle
remy es medio 
newcastle's gat 6pts 
14 ' tottenham 0-1 newcastle * remy beinsport
until tottenham solve their striker problem no way they can be in the top 4 man
tottenham is losing lol
how good is remy tho , newcastle need qpr to stay down
i hope newcastle have a buy clause for remy . that lad can finish
currently spurs 1 - 1 newcastle ( if you count spurs ' complementary bullshit soldado penalty )
newcastle , sunderland and manchester united to win dream sunday
newcastle give us ben arfa
et aller friedel aux cages , but pour newcastle ... 
newcastle have some really classy players just need a few more hard men to strengthen their squad and they could push for top 4
newcastle fuck you
newcastle's away kit is so so bad
ya , were open for the spurs v newcastle game .
eriksen is the only signing that was worth it for tottenham . they're hilariously bad for the £100 million they spent .
boom ! it's that son of a mourinho nightmare again loic remy !! tottenham 0 newcastle united 1 . 
newcastle's winning 
this idiot of a commentator thinks its debuchy playing as left-back for newcastle !! what an utter piece of shit
i said newcastle would get a result today , just had a feeling .
remy is helping arsenal out at the moment ! first chelsea now tottenham !
tottenham are not there normal selves today
oi newcastle aint ramping uno remy is so clinical !
supersport football wrote : bpl latest : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle(remy )
wish friedal starts every week for tottenham
yes newcastle
started like absolute shit . newcastle deserve to be ahead . 
bit late but they were documented in an earlier tweet 1-1 spurs newcastle 2-1 to sunderland and arsenal to win 2-1 
 played ideal 19min's yet ,, continual their end againd blues !! great yet min 19 0:1 
newcastle assurent en ce moment !
newcastle are leading at white hart lane ... nice~
and newcastle !
come on newcastle😇👌👏
spurs newcastle live streaming 
newcastle takes the lead at white hart lane . nice . :)
how has remy has signed for qpr & newcastle and we still have bendtner as back up ?
wins for tottenham , man utd and barcelona will make this the perfect footballing sunday !
newcastle have come as brazil ..
i can't watch that newcastle goal again . players bottling a 50-50 is pathetic . we don't need players like that . we need to show fight .
dr dre is on fire for newcastle
weekends getting better c'mon newcastle ! 
newcastle you made be cry last week . please make be happy this week .
newcastle vs spurs ooo
hope newcastle win !
get in newcastle !!
watch how newcastle press and zonal mark
newcastle outplaying spurs at white hart lane so far , 20 mins in ... 
what time is kick off for spurs and newcastle ?
tah newcastle is doing moyes a favor he better not fuck up
looooooooooool unlucky tottenham 
8/15 and you're losing to fucking newcastle , really
newcastle leading siol
typical tottenham bottle jobs ! 
remy ishak gives newcastle a lead .
newcastle are 1-0 , last thing i want to be doing is going to work 
newcastle are having a pretty solid season so far .
alan smith needs to give up , paulinho runs into newcastle giving them the ball and he is blaming friedel ? 
come on newcastle !
i'm still not sold on paulinho or many other of the new tottenham signings . a lot of money spent on attacking players no return .... so far
you'd think we would be able to beat newcastle after we spent 100 million in the transfer window , i give up ..
arsene should drink remy martins in january ... then proceed to get remy from newcastle
that newcastle playin in arsenal away colours .
hahaha newcastle 1 nil up .
spurs vs newcastle 
newcastle are helping us into fourth here . first chelsea and now spurs . well in .
get in newcastle !
oh look , newcastle winning tottenham at home .. remy again
if newcastle don't sign remy permanently it will be one of the stupidest things they could ever do 
this tottenham team tho :/
tottenham 0 vs 1newcastle .. wit yoan gouffran wit d assist n lioc remy finishn it up
newcastle deserve to be ahead 
so it seems spurs are being run ragged . just our luck we'd catch newcastle on one of their good days ...
 newcastle vs tottenham 
i like this newcastle away kit , very preston north end 07/08 .
remy is raping tottenham's defence 😂
newcastle are on job
i'm sorry but i actually despise newcastle me
boring boring tottenham hotspur 
tottenham can never handle the pressure 
defoe would score so many goals in this tottenham team ! 
remy is too good for newcastle
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy , 13 min
newcastle look like the minions today !
i hate newcastle
if i was 15 and i had to support tottenham i would phone childline ! 
keep this newcastle
tottenham .... wetin dey happen ????
clearly newcastle set to mark townsend .
now watching spurs vs newcastle
newcastle got their tails up here
newcastle seem to think they are brazil 
we can not be losing to newcastle at home !! games like this is why we always end up outside of the cl .. common bullshit
want newcastle to beat spurs
remy gives newcastle a breathtaking lead in the 13th minute . spurs 0-1 newcastle
newcastle goal a perfect example of how friedel doesn't suit our style of play anymore totnew
knew newcastle were gunna score first
tottenham have nicely fucked my fantasy team over over by not playing lloris👌
how quiet are the tottenham fans
i'm going to hate myself for saying this after last week , but newcastle better win .
tottenham fans were screaming because we spent £100m that we'd finish top four . never understood the correlation between the two
i hate the fact that eriksen plays for tottenham , he's a problem you know
feel like staying in this train and just making a life for myself in newcastle
always said newcastle were a top top side
newcastle's away strip is smart . it's a shame i hate the twats .
as soon as i saw that friedel was in goal , i knew newcastle would have a great chance
newcastle scored !!!! if u know what i mean ;)
eriksen the best player for spurs so far . though newcastle have been better overall .
you'd miss seeing ba in a newcastle shirt he was way better at newcastle
but newcastle too dem charge ooo ! they are already leading spurs
newcastle
newcastle are working hard to uncover talent from the local area as they focus on the future , according to boss alan pardew .
this is brilliant stuff from newcastle at the moment . confidence is an amazing thing .
the reason tottenham conceded that goal is definitely because they don't have lloris . makes the high line work
cause when townsend has the ball pure newcastle players surround the man
what a poor start by tottenham . footy bet isnt looking good nw
power newcastle winning !
spurs should move for remy when he goes back to qpr before newcastle make it permanent , won't happen though .
that of newcastle is a . 
remy !!! 0-1 newcastle
winters gambling tips of the day was newcastle man city swansea and scum
i'm liking the way newcastle are defending . much like arsenal , sit back , soak then press when they get close .
commentary : " newcastle with their size have an advantage on [ corners] "... yeah but it's a corner so ... no ?
gomes is definitely a better keeper than friedel 
consecutive defensive errors eventually lead to a goal from newcastle . kinda saw it coming . if you fall off a horse get back on ! 
loic remy first goalscorer newcastle 1 up v tottenham !!
what's with newcastle's kit ? brazil ? 
remy a quality signing for newcastle
yes newcastle !!
c'mon newcastle 📢
yessss newcastle
tottenham , city and arsenal have to lose today
spurs - newcastle
tottenham used to be so good to watch , but they've got slower and slower in posession under avb - there's a lack of tempo to their play .
wow newcastle looking like a revived team
go on newcastle !!!!
newcastle match & a fry to begin the day :)
come on newcastle make my day !!
i think remy was made to score for and was made to be running around like chicken for 
tottenham's keeper makes dustin fletcher look like a young whippersnapper
newcastle 1-0vs tottenham
didn't realise gomes was still at tottenham . he must have the easiest job in football
21mins- debuchy down for newcastle . 
after yesterday's result at least tottenham are losing
 tottenham hotspurs vs newcastle united
great pressure all over the park from newcastle . keep it up lads ! 
come on newcastle , keep it up !!
newcastle away strip makes my eyes hurt 
yohan cabaye was celebrating newcastle's opener before loic remy had even touched the ball . confidence . 
would be nice to see defeat 
something i want to know ... if lose this game , will they still want to beat ?
spurs losing to newcastle !
newcastle away kit is fucking awful .
spurs v newcastle
where are the tottenham supporters ? 
hahahahaha spurs r losing xd , newcastle for another upset
tottenham are making newcastle look good , a team including shola ameobi and mike williamson isn't good
eriksen is so underrated if cabs goes and tottenham don't want him that'll do me !
gooaaall remy [ sp*rs 0-1 newcastle ]
yes newcastle !!
very very poor from tottenham so far
lovely work from remy 1-0 to newcastle .
newcastle ☺
come on newcastle !
brunch at the duck egg cafe , news that are leading at tottenham and performing tonight . good sunday !
i was gonna put a newcastle win :(
newcastle , city & arsenal to win today . 
arghhh newcastle just look better
tottenham are so boring to watch
yes come on newcastle
paulinho lost ball then tackled like a fairy for remy goal lol , come on newcastle keep it up 
how can a team have so much possession and be so boring to watch 😴 
tottenham losing 1-0 loooool i like this
spurs are fanning about here ... giving newcastle the ball all the time
 goalllll . newcastle don't let me down .
yes newcastle !
really going off tottenham , they shouldn't have spent all that money and bought a load of shit really !
come on newcastle 
newcastle's fire ! hopefully spurs drop more points
all v quiet at whl , newcastle's 12th man ???
sort your bloody life out tottenham !! 
sat watching spurs vs newcastle with a newcastle fan . not sure who to support here !
 looks to maintain their top 4 presence with the coming to town ! 
newcastle think they are brazil in that kit there , s only one brazil that's coventry 
i have a confession , my first ever football shirt was a newcastle one . i can't even explain why it was
friedel isn't good enough for tottenham anymore
also why are newcastle trying to copy arsenals kit ? 👀
come on newcastle !!!
remy is a top class player and he's hinted he won't sign permanently for newcastle .
newcastle winning , please stay like that !!
 update : 0-1 [ remy ]
jheeeeeeze yes newcastle 👏
21 ' newcastle 1-0 tottenham goal : remy assist : gouffran kp
suprs trailing at home to newcastle .
football spurs vs newcastle
goal : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle united . ( 13 ' loic remy ) 
who do newcastle think they are brazil ? come on the toon !
remy sexed chelsea last time , now he's doing d same thing to tottenham .... the guy must really hate london teams ........
what's with everyone's away kit being the brazil colours ? first arsenal now newcastle !!!
come on newcastle posotive start 
gol de newcastle : remy . tottenham 0 - newcastle 1 .
is it fair to think that lloris would've perhaps been off his line quickly to clear the ball , for newcastle's goal ?
come on tottenham you can do this ....
newcastle should better find a way papis cisse will start scoring again , because bigger teams are coming for loic remy in january .
no offence to brad but all of a sudden we look shaky at the back against an average newcastle side . more than a coincidence . 
hope newcastle dominate this game
lol newcastle
fucking tottenham !
presumably avb will blame paulinho losing possession for newcastle's goal on the spurs fans ?
so newcastle copy of arsenals away kit ... aye .
newcastle wearing our away kit ... no wonder they're playing so well
newcastle beating tottenham at white hart lane . not surprised actually .
yes , newcastle !
spurs vs newcastle , corofin vs mitchels , united arsenal and love/hate ... not a bad sunday
still not getting my hopes up , it's newcastle at the end of the day
newcastle at it again !
if newcastle win i'll be pissed off was goin have them
on a good day , newcastle can beat any epl team ..
spurs 0-1 newcastle - 65%-35% possession in spurs favour but without penetration it means nothing as newcastle lead 
newcastle leading at white hart lane .
get in newcastle
i had a feeling newcastle might have an upper hand against totty at home . but the game is far from over .
its always nice to see tottenham losing
high line with freidal dose not work newcastle are poor and we are losing we need two up front
decent away kit newcastle
nice kit from newcastle 
tottenham wasted so much money ... and you could see it happening as the transfer window went on like
yes come on newcastle
come on newcastle !!
can always rely on tottenham for laughs .
come on newcastle !!!!
hope newcastle win this 👌
 #26 
 tottenham - newcastle
every sunday if tottenham don't win my dad comes home from the matches in the worst mood possible⚽🙅
get in newcastle !
newcastle are quite loud today . if only we could understand what they're saying though😆
dream sunday - city wins , united draws and newcastle wins
surprised newcastle didn't try to sign remy last season
newcastle love a kit clash
¡gool de remy ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle 
have a feeling that newcastle goal's gunna reck the under 2.5 goals bets
now i realize that newcastle have more frenchman than locals
tottenham feeling the heat of newcastle united
arsenal and newcastle have the same away kit .
newcastle playing in yellow just don't seem right !
classic line from a dortmund fan stuck in the middle of singing gooners : " sorry to disappoint u guys but there is no tottenham around here !"
newcastle supports are unreal
loic remy puts newcastle ahead at white hart lane . 
tottenham are getting relegated if they play like this ...
tottenham best win today💯
fuck sake tottenham , pull yourselves together !!
goal remy newcastle lead the spurs 1-0 
bye fuck can newcastle pull them out of the bag ! 
newcastle's high pressing and yellow away kit = dortmund in disguise
would love a newcastle win here
tottenham are gonna start rivalling man united with the most obnoxious fans in the country . silenced by the brazil of the north east
how i'm loving newcastle right now .
yes newcastle
newcastle away kit would be class for us ! i like .
classe le maillot de newcastle 
i swear to god the last time spurs beat newcastle , thatcher was in charge
all sport sunday ! spurs v newcastle fed v nadal man utd v arsenal
spurs getting soo cocky think that they're gonna beat newcastle , i hope newcastle spank them and send them back to london
newcastle united could have been a great team . in ligue un
thank you newcastle
spurs vs newcastle on now , man utd vs arsenal at 4 pm
tottenham 0 vs 1newcastle .. wit yoan gouffran wit d assist n lioc remy finishn it up 
another goal in this half please , newcastle ! some breathing space
good start to a sunday in a while haha , no hangover and newcastle up 1 against spurs 
do tottenham have a game plan ? they don't look like they're trying to achieve anything
nice newcastle away kit tbh !! 
keep looking up at newcastle and think it's us playing . kit thieves .
tottenham 1-1 newcastle , man city 3-0 sunderland , man utd 3-1 arsenal 
i like pardew & newcastle
i guess newcastle are in " amazing unstoppable " mode today . this is going to be a disaster .
the french connection of newcastle united
spurs game is decent ! impressive stuff from newcastle look dangerous on counter .
can . not . hear . the . tottenham . fans .
tottenham v newcastle , man city v sunderland , man utd v arsenal . in a row ! 👍 i need to get up and go pub
newcastle about to be the most loved team in the league ... just after the past two weeks !
come on 
tottenham are losing already 😂
 tottenham - newcastle .
the newcastle top scorer likes to go for a drink with the united full back who scored the winning goal in 1990 fa cup final replay ....
newcastle - playing like brazil
loci remy is newcastle revelation .... where papi cissie ?
have tottenham picked one of the players dads to be in goal ? 
loic remy again !!! 7 goals in 7 games this season for newcastle in the 0nufc1
newcastle beating spurs and we didn't even turn up against them ..
newcastle is the new stoke
go newcastle
shola ameobi suppose don buy shares for newcastle
newcastle 3rd kit really look like they are brazil national team .
get in newcastle !!! omfhfegilgorf ; ioahpuferoi ! 
padrew was always a genius for me , great manager , come on 
newcastle to win arsenal + united to draw will do me fine .
come on newcastle
this newcastle jersey is beautiful .
and moussa sissoko , cabaye , tiote , gouffran , shola ameobi and loic remy all start for newcastle with anita , papiss cisse
latest : tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy )
from the day we drew with newcastle i started to give them the respect they deserved
been a great start from newcastle
newcastle , sunderland and arsenal to win today !!!
looking more like the newcastle team that got europa league
newcastle fans in fine voice
the curse of tottenham . no movement , forcing play back to the only players in space . 
newcastle plz keep that clean sheet
always said newcastle were a top top side
newcastle would be morons not to get remy all signed up in january , what a player he is 
shola ameobi has been at newcastle for years and hes still not a legend there lol
come on newcastle
who got the newcastle goal ?
is the wonga on the newcastle kit the same as the wonga in sa ?
yes , newcastle was gorgeous . yes , i lost various belongings . x
thank you newcastle
 are working so hard and players looks a little lost . still tottenham 0-1 newcastle ...
 are working so hard and players looks a little lost . still tottenham 0-1 newcastle ...
get in newcastle
we are tottenham super tottenham we are tottenham from the lane 
newcastle looking like they want this more at the moment , closing down every ball .
yes newcastle ! beating the spuds at shire hart lane !
dis loic remy don score again ,,,,, d guy is hot dis season .... tottenham make una beta win
earl grey english breakfast tea , french toast bagels , eggs , & tottenham v . newcastle 
newcastle !!!
buut newcastle !!
ha ha ha ha yes newcastle come ( beat them worse than you beat us thanks we need our face haha )
just noticed newcastle are winning ! yes !!!
i don't hate newcastle , but i can't stand pardew
these tottenham fans have a poster up saying arsenal toilet rolls loooooooool
go on newcastle !
get in there newcastle !!!
come on newcastle !
nufc is such a giant killer but tottenham need to win this game . go north london !
decided to see what was going on . not sure what i'm more surprised about , newcastle's kit or the score . 
newcastle will win tottenham .
newcastle wearing a brazil kit ... they need to calm down !
putain il perce a 
newcastle will keep a clean sheet
come on newcastle , y dint i bet them
are tottenham going to start playing yet or what !? ⚽
tottenham . with all those buys ? what a shit !!
tell ya what newcastle look like a force this season , can see them pushing for a top four place
can see loic remy joining either chelsea or arsenal next season . no way will newcastle be able to sign him when he's playing this well .
i wonder who is prepared to take on the newcastle/sunderland double today ! 
newcastle borrowed arsenal's kit to beat spurs .. 
wonga !!!!.......... i actually misread the brand name on the newcastle jersey as wanker . my bad though
we're not brazil we're newcastle utd we're not brazil we're newcastle utd we're not brazil we're newcastle utd but its all the same 2 me .
debuchy has a tramp stamp 
tottenham struggle to score goals . they don't need to look far for the answer . 
can't believe now badly tottenham spent the bale money
since pardew took over at newcastle my soft spot for them grew .. and remy in my team this goal makes me happy ..
tottenham always bench lamela . why ????
newcastle ils sont cho wshhhh
newcastle's brazil style kit ha
now i think newcastle is gonna lose , just like chelsea got away a point they didnt deserve
newcastle leading spurs by a goal great !! i hope they add two or three
tottenham are putting me off football for life . our football is so boring .
with tottenham struggling to score goals one wonders why avb isn't giving adebayor a chance . 
proper want newcastle to win this
newcastle burning their way to the top tho .
loic remy has scored seven goals in his last seven premier league appearances . [ opta ]
newcastle already time wasting , only 20 minutes in .
come home to find newcastle beating spurs .. what's been going on ? spurs missing bale are they🙈
newcastle need a second to make up for the obvious soldado penalty in the second half 
good job newcastle , keep it going .
the mood for tottenham supporters are brad friedel is shit
tottenham nor fuck up o .
id be scared to say anything to my boyfriend if he shouted at me the way he shouts at the tv when newcastle has scored 😂 just abit
loic remy gives newcastle the lead at white hart lane 0-1
tottenham are the most boring team in the league .
newcastle fans are pretty decent today like
newcastle must win spurs .
great result for us if newcastle can hold on
tottenham are nothing without bale 
newcastle 1
newcastle won't win this if it stays one - nil until the 90th minute . 
newcastle sunderland arsenal swansea to win today
spurs already 1 goal down to newcastle
newcastle are so strong when they play against the strong team
this is why i love being from newcastle :d
if newcastle win today , they'll be level on points with the mighty ' most impressive team of the season ' spurs .
newcastle se relance bien
i like newcastle , but i don't like their yellow away kit .
 needs more pressure
let's all laugh at tottenham ! 17 ' spurs 0-1 new castle -(rs )
newcastle could have got remy much cheaper during the summer !
newcastle have started well 
newcastle look like they think they're brazil .. ha more like motherwell with wonga sponsorship . 
first time in my 8 years of supporting tottenham that i can't see us scoring more than once , as soon as we concede we dont win
go through to the kitchen to make spaghetti hoops , come back through to see newcastle have scored . that's not ok . 
newcastle beat spurs !!!
come on newcastle !!!!!!!!!!
newcastle are flying . 
that spurs defence looks dodgy today , way too much space and open holes everywhere . all newcastle need is a head down & a run through .
1 goal buat newcastle
didn't realise spurs were playing brazil 
howay newcastle ! pile on the pressure ! 
come on newcastle ! great start . like watching brazil ;) 
dawson gets out of jail there - loses possession in newcastle's half but remy offside for the through ball .
theres nobody to bale tottenham out
tottenham team just now for me is 11 players . not 1 team . they need time to gel . but they need to do it quick . 
no englishman has scored for newcastle in the epl this year .
why are newcastle playing brazils 82 kit ??
andre villas-boas has again said that he has no plans to sell tottenham fringe striker jermain defoe in the january transfer window .
newcastle's leading . oh wow , spurs .
tottenham can't play this high line without lloris in goal , remy will tear them apart
tottenham will make a move for manchester united's 25-year-old striker javier hernandez in january if they can transfer 29-year-old emmanuel
loic remy scores to give newcastle united the lead against spurs . 1-0 -m3551
we need utd and newcastle to win today pretty badly
newcastle r full of confidence after that famous win @ st james .... over chelsea ... 
c'mon newcastle !!!
newcastle are wankers !
i hate newcastle also . but still come on newcastle
1-1 at newcastle ? 
:d newcastle ! who scored ?
up !! watching tottenham vs newcastle 
tottenham pls do something ......
friedel a top quality keeper . paulinho at fault 100% . basically picked up the ball and handed it to newcastle . #42andstillladding
this high line avb persists with is pure lunacy . amazed they haven't conceded more . newcastle look free to get in every time .
and i was going to tweet that newcastle play boring football
we best win this because i'm wearing my newcastle jumper
newcastle : an english team with a lot of french players who are playing in brazil's kit 
glad i left tottenham out of my accumulator
yes newcastle !!!!!!!
tottenham to score both halves- 2/1 1-0 down have to come out and attack now
ooo newcastle in the lead ! good ! :-)
goal : spurs 0-1 newcastle remy , newcastle
he came from amsterdam to play for tottenham , vertonghen woah !!
tottenham lack a cutting edge in attack , can't see them scoring many goals this year
tottenham are terrible . avb's tactics are awful .
newcastle are leading at white hart lane keep it that way 
c'mon newcastle , remy !!!
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . remy 13
remy for newcastle 1-0
woke up to tottenham losing , couldn't be happier
newcastle are having one of them really good seasons again
loic is on fire . shame for newcastle he won't be there next season , nor qpr probably ! on a different level to both teams ! 
really like newcastle's 3rd kit . just wish their sponsor wasn't so prominent . i'm a sucker for yellow kits .
c'mon newcastle you can beat em ! 
tottenham not looking too great today . arsenal the best london club right now ? i would say so and we'll see today against us .
can you hear the tottenham sing no
newcastle 1-0 . 
newcastle !
if newcastle win vs tottenham , and we win vs arsenal we'll go 5th
remy is on fire come on newcastle
tottenham goal down n hugo lloris on da bench i expected that
newcastle are bossing
tottenham really do embarrass themselves sometimes
we'll beat tottenham then we'll lose to norwich
so i wake up just to find out tht newcastle r leading this is great !
92 need more football fans from different clubs , i'll follow everyone back + newcastle united fan !
if today scores via a penalty , then this will be a malicious way to win games ... 
don't often say this but would love newcastle to beat spurs !
newcastle fans cheering loic remy sums up how fickle football fans are
tottenham have been so flat and it is down to the amount of changes made in the summer .
haha come on newcastle trend the away win today
newcastle's away kit looks like the mighty p&t panthers
that yid ban has done tottenham no favours
fredil having a gomes-esc game : creating more newcastle chanes than preventing . paulinhio and dembele looking hapless as well .
remy scores goals . tottenham don't .
woooo newcastle ! toon toon black and white army !
live 22 ' tottenham 0-1 newcastle loic remy gevis
fuck sake tottenham need to sort it out playing so shit right now
french connection ala newcastle okeh juga
i bet newcastle love having remy upfront 
update skor : gol newcastle dimenit ke 15 dari loic remy . assist : gouffran | spurs 0-1 newcastle
who scored for newcastle ?
kev message to loic remy .... tell newcastle its to cold up north and come back to your club . thanks
come on newcastle . fucking spurs smh
are tottenham going to loose my acca with the first game ...?
most predictions i have seen today have had newcastle down for a win . tell u what , they might just be right
remy is a good finisher who is wasted at newcastle
i'm following " tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united " with 123 other 
tottenham am so sorry u will be going down today
newcastle doing a good job off the ball to limit spurs ' options when in possession .
g'won newcastle :d
hahahaha remy scores for newcastle !!
goal : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle ( loic remy 13 ' ) 
newcastle beating tottenham not a bad effort
newcastle vs tottenham .. 1 nil too the geordies ..! then sunderland vs city .. den the big 1 .. man utd vs arsenal .. cumon united ..!
_sun 10 nov_ spurs 0 - 0 newcastle _ sunderland v man city kick-off : 2pm_man utd v arsenal kick-off : 4pm_ swansea v stoke kick-off : 4pm_ 
newcastle 1-0
woooo baek newcastle 
newcastle playing amazing , surely not 2 weeks running ?!?!
so the tottenham midfield is just gonna let loic remy run freely ? okay .
come on newcastle !!!
get in newcastle👌⚽️
newcastle on fireeeee !!!
come on newcastle ..... keep it up ! 1-0
yes newcastle yes
yes newcastle
tottenham fans are shockiiing , not sang once fuck me no wonder avb was criticising them
ben arfa , sammy ameobi and obertan all on the newcastle bench with dummett , steven taylor and ryan taylor all out injured
nice kit newcastle ... who was your inspiration ?
tottenham ain't better than us know .. 2 seasons of that gass track no3 you man kept spittin now the tune change .. ok
tottenham can't come from behind and win they 2 lame
yes im in sunderland celebrating a newcastle goal !
with respect to newcastle utd ...... get the fuck in .
van der vaart , bale and modric would walk into this expensively constructed avb team . same old useless tottenham 
yes newcastle !!
wtf !!! newcastle leading
tottenham play so slow no wonder they're struggling to win
come on newcastle
haha tottenham are shit
newcastle united make my day ! 
newcastle and sunderland to win and united and arsenal to draw yes please 
remyyyyyyy ! go newcastle !
goal remy , tottenham 0-1 newcastle
impressionne par le pressing de newcastle .. 
newcastle were 11-2 for the win . i got on the draw . 16-5 . interesting
oh wow ! spurs are down at home !! come on newcastle !!!!
tottenham just haven't got that ozil or carzola or ramsey i can't honestly say we have a player that can change the game
i love super sunday i hope tottenham loose , man city win and arsenal beat that man u scum !
i thought tottenham were going to have a good season but after seeing them in europe and recently in the prem they dont look great
newcastle wants to be arsenal sooo bad init . the french players , yellow kit ,...
 used to win those games for last season 
we could look exactly like newcastle today at old trafford depending what colour socks united are wearing .
newcastle shud shaa win today .. dazzall
ffs tottenham get a grip ! 
newcastle pls add some more , shit hart lane 
well done pardew , newcastle are set up perfectly . vertonghan , townsend , or cms not getting a sniff
newcastle are class man , why can't we be good ?
fuck sake tottenham !
come on newcastle !!
i did not wake up at 7 am to watch tottenham lose . so get it together spurs ! 
newcastle are soo good it's a joke ! 2-0 against chelsea now showing spurs a lesson 😂😂😂 ( queue the spurs fans bite up )
what did i say ! loic remy ! newcastle bossing it
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane .
haha get in newcastle
that's the way newcastle
tottenham will never be title contenders
united , sunderland and newcastle to win to day 
football time now . haiyaa newcastle is already leading !!!
newcastle leading 1-0 vs spurs lool
tottenham are playing like sunday league team who are all still pissed up from saturday night
come on tottenham show you're the better team . 
yesss newcastle 👏👏
worst tottenham side av seen in years this
so i want to win today but winning would mean the boyfriend is worth seeing 
newcastle should take this . easy points on sale ! 
newcastle seem to play better without hatem ben arfa . . . ? 
newcastle playing well
looooooooool newcastle is on one !
come on newcastle u can do it , just defeat spurs at home
spurs v newcastle bishop stortford v northampton united v arsenal decent .
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane .
get in newcastle !!
 remy grabbing the headlines but newcastle's recent form has coincided with goufrran's hot streak , exquisite assist just then .
goal : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle ( loic remy 13 ' ) 
come on timothy , where's your hat ? 
supersunday spurs v newcastle showing now sunderland v man city 2pm man utd v arsenal 4pm free pizza at half time !!!
paul dummett may represent wales in international play , but he was born in newcastle . 
remember bale scored those 2 sexy goals vs newcastle =(
 looks 
perfect scenario - sunderland and newcastle win and utd and arsenal draw 
early setback for spurs , not enough goals so far this season , can't see them coming back to win this , 2-1 newcastle 
tottenham are so boring looooool ! they try play arsenal football but they ain't got the x factor
tottenham are so boring to watch coz they never score and hardly ever concede !
tottenham throw
tottenham to lose and utd to win , it's going to be a sweet day . -)
get in newcastle
 and the colony of newcastle fc leads ! 
so newcastle is screwing spurs huh ... hmmm
is it 1 - 1 at newcastle ? spurs fans
goal ! 0-1 remy ( newcastle ) vs tottenham .
come on newcastle , and a united vs arsenal to be a draw then it would be a perfect week for us 
astute from pardew . recognised the high line tottenham play , looking for remy straight away . worked so far
vamos newcastle !!
hearing that tottenham are losing ? haha
newcastle deservedly in front but cant understand why sandro isnt in starting 11 ! got to be injured ???
newcastle .... oh i love you . remy is a gun . better than henry .... 
newcastle's defence is so good . as of now :p
for newcastle and both birigimana and marveaux are rested for newcastle as neither of them are in the newcastle 18 man squad ( the newcastle
i hate newcastle . but they've got some top players !
i hate man u more than tottenham tbh 😂
get in newcastle !
i really want newcastle to give spurs a dicking today .
hope newcastle , united and sunderland and swansea win today :)
come on newcastle !
yess newcastle !
newcastle saved the tl !! the bile was too much ...
 tottenham hotspur vs . newcastle
ohh newcastle can go do one !
i'm sorry , but brad friedel and michael dawson cannot play in a high line , so many times this game , newcastle have gone through . 
newcastle 1-0 up against spurs ! c'mon !
come on newcastle !!
any danger of there being any atmosphere and tottenham making me cry to watch
love turning the tv on to see newcastle beating spurs , my day ha got slightly better , club on in there lads
lamela hasn't made tottenham side after thursdays performance , what have you got to do to get into the jews side ?
tottenham are playing poor .
every player in the tottenham squad looks dumber than they were last season .
spurs losing to newcastle . pretty much sums up their season
come on newcastle !
watching tottenham i've realised we've had pure luck this season .. this team isn't the same absolute dog shit football
come on newcastle !!
lovely service at the cenotaph in newcastle 🇬🇧
put spurs on to see that they are losing ! that will do for me , keep it that way newcastle .
fuck tottenham
are tottenham playing at a library ?
we could look exactly like newcastle today at old trafford depending what colour socks united are wearing . 
paulinho is dreadful , tottenham are dreadful 
newcastle best team in the world can't wait to see us lift the premiership title yesssii
tottenham 0 vs 1 new castle .: now
super sunday predictions : spurs 1-2 newcastle . sunderland 0-3 man city . man u 1-2 arsenal .
didn't know tottenham v brazil was on .
gone for a super sunday treble today . went for newcastle , city and united to win for £85 return
roflham lolspur 0-1 newcastle
newcastle scoring whilst your face timing your tottenham supporting friend in afghanistan . amazing . 
so anyone backed remy and a newcastle wincast ? 
if newcastle don't score before half time , spurs will win ...
thank u newcastle pls make ma day n beat the scums
tottenham spent £110m on new players in the summer . we spent nothing . 
why do we even take a look at tottenham ? southampton has more what it takes to qualify for the cl than the chickens .. 
come on newcastle
how much did newcastle pay for remy ?
if remy keeps up this form , he will be snapped up in the summer ... what a great loan deal for newcastle do !!
newcastle !!
wait wait wait , tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle , this brings a smile to my face !
scary thing is if newcastle score 1 more goal we know weve lost !!!!!!! fucks sake
newcastle first goal , 11/5 . 
yes newcastle
loic remy opened account for newcastle 1-0 to spurs !
lool my niggas newcastle holding it down against the scum
is that the only chant tottenham fans sing ' come on you spurs '
just woke up to see spurs losing 1-0 to newcastle . nice .
i wake up and turn on the tv and see that tottenham is losing . i have a feeling today will be a good day .
anything good that comes from this season gouffran seems to be at the heart of it , never seems to get a mention from pundits !
newcastle are winning <3
hugo lloris omitted from tottenham squad to face newcastle united : hugo lloris was missing from the tottenham squad to face newcastle ...
i said it when he was at qpr and i'll say it now he's at newcastle .......... loic remy is a player !!!
so tottenham want to flop my bets ?
& they dont care that they are not at st. james ' park ... go go newcastle ..
spurs need a penalty to get back into this game .. all newcastle .
why do you support newcastle ? do you live there ?
tottenham shud take the sun advantage and score coz they ar losing if nt so .
you would have to be shit to lose to newcastle
met two random lasses last night who had vip tickets and met chase and status , they were stranded in newcastle so we gave them a lift
come on you spurs is the only thing you'll ever hear at a tottenham match no wonder they don't have morale from fans
remy on fire for newcastle this season , that his 7th goal in the league so far .
newcastle !!!!
oh i do hope spurs beat newcastle today . not that the geordie i live with will care , unless they beat us , then she will ! haha
none of the 33 premier league goals newcastle have scored in 2013 have been by an englishman .
tottenham vs brazil ok then
probably not the best time to be a tottenham fan in newcastle today .
seen newcastles away strip been the same colours as brazil , it's fraud the closest newcastle and brazil came close was mirandinha
go on newcastle . spurs are here for the taking !
can see newcastle getting a second before spurs get their first ..
newcastle with the through-balls fammm
sorry spurs ... this weekend its not goood .... come on newcastle united
i really hope newcastle beat tottenham !
newcastle i commence a d'vnir cho la
tottenham & arsenal worst fans in the world !!!!
newcastle united messing up my superbru predictions , come on coys , defoe is better than soldado
newcastle just need ribery and they'll be complete
as soon as i took a bite of the milky bar newcastle scored hmm
happy to see newcastle up 1-0 on that lot . but a late dubious penalty to gift sp*rs a win is inevitable .
newcastle rly hawt recently .
chiriches is going to be a great signing for tottenham
yes newcastle !!
go on newcastle !
starting 11 and the newcastle bench ) all in spurs-newcastle early this afternoon around today on sunday 10th november 2013
thanks to chelsea for giving newcastle so much confidence
why is it newcastle dominate , score , i bet on them and the whole game slows down every single fucking time 😔
remy again 
come on newcastle !!
newcastle >>>>> 
newcastle later on !! be arsed with that . absolutely finished !!! and still pissed
newcastle 1-0 up at white hart lane .
so today : arsenal 3 million and özil 4 million followers . and tottenham just 690,000 . .
spurs losing 1 - 0 to newcastle hahaha 
mixed emotions , don't want newcastle to win as they will be close to us at the end of the season , yet watching spurs lose at home , priceless
 : tottenham manager andre villas-boas says he will not be selling striker jermain defoe in january ..
newcastle are only good for scoring first ...
tottenham are so dead lol
well , tottenham's season is over already .
yes tottenham ga cleansheet , aman dari vertonghen & dawson user .
newcastle are keen on psv eindhoven midfielder ola toivonen and could make a cut-price £ 2.5 m bid if the 27-year-old swede fails to sign a ne
come on you newcastle united . 
tottenham play at too slow a tempo . allows team to set up easily and get men behind the ball and congest the final third . 
la legion is marching on 
imagine if newcastle were consistent ...
newcastle winning !! get in !!!
tottenham lol the love of this team will be my death . or i will just smash the house up ffs
going 1-0 down against a team like newcastle is a nightmare at home . 11 players behind the ball and spurs struggle to create chances ne way
come on newcastle !!!!!!
is this spurs v newcastle game being filmed from a blimp or something ? camera’s a bit high up !
passing is to slow . players are holding onto the ball for far too long & losing possesion . come on tottenham !
loic remy , the guy is a talent . newcastle seem to have found their feet after the latest changes . 
friedel is a v v stupid keeper , how can newcastle be beating us ?
come on newcastle 
viendo jugar a mis urracas . vamos newcastle . 
latest : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle(remy )
today could potentially be terrific , if newcastle stay strong and beat spurs then arsenal beat united
spurs 0 newcastle 1
don't even feel like a whole person anymore , newcastle 1- ellie 0
not a big fan of pardew but come on newcastle !!!!
12:00 spurs v newcastle 14:00 sunderland v man city 16:00 man utd v arsenal followed by our acoustic showcase
today's matches- 12.00 spurs v newcastle utd ⚽️ 2.05 sunderland v man city ⚽️ 4.10 man utd v arsenal ⚽️ 
come on newcastle
if newcastle can continue this good spell of play they gat this game in the bag am impressed ... am chelsea by tha way 
remy is definitely not going to be at newcastle next season .
tottenham need to wake up here . poor start .
there's just no pressure at all from midfield ... newcastle have so much time to play balls through the defence
those newcastle runs will kill spurs off .
like them runs newcastle making (:
spurs look so average and newcastle look lethal on the counter attack
tottenham be playing shit . 
this is why people slag off on dawson .. no pace . newcastle going right after him & either getting behind him or coming close everytime
that tottenham team needs a penalty .
oh yes newcastle are doing it ! 
don't think ive ever been as much of a newcastle fan .
and now newcastle can sit back and defend we're pretty much doomed 
newcastle look good today ... good team . watford in disguise maybe . 
commentators finding any reason to rag on newcastle gets old really fast . " why is krul not wearing a cap ?" fuck off you raging tool .
and immediately loic remy makes it spurs 0 newcastle 1
come on newcastle united
1-0 newcastle ; remy
 newcastle et tottenham <3
good start from newcastle , spurs have hardly been prolific in the league , spurs out to 2.75 for the win in play , newcastle in to 2.45
newcastle united are really fired up . if they are compact at the back as they were against chelsea , then who knows !
tottenham should've done better with the players they have . too bad newcastle's leading . 
isn't a stadium supposed to be build with the posts at north and south ? newcastle keeper is facing the sun
lmao people are actually saying newcastle are brazil xd
newcastle🙌🙌🙌
remy is doing brilliant with newcastle so far this season
dont know if tottenham playing shit or newcastle playing good , newcastle have kept tottenham in their own half ( tottenhams half )
newcastle's kit's vile
hahahaaaa only got tickets to see the happy mondays at newcastle academy , man my missus never fails to amaze ! happy fuckin mondays rave onnn
newcastle 1-0 spurs , ermm : 3 hahahahaha . - ian
come on newcastle .!
newcastle are looking strong
newcastle looking fierce today but caught easily on the defence
newcastle fairly abusing that " y lb " pass 
1-0 newcastle ! loic remy ! -davo
 update : tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united ( loic remy 13') .
if you can't back a team at home with faith then they don't deserve to be top 6 .. 
spurs - newcastle juventus - napoli united - arsenal villarreal - a . madrid betis - barca . bed . this is how a sunday should be .
have newcastle got old brazil kits out the bargain bin at sports direct here ?
newcastle have impressed me in the past few games . not capable of competing with us for a top 4 spot , but still a good side . 
25 ' spurs 0-1 newcastle ( remy )
is there any k-pop fans in newcastle australia i seriously need to meet you , tell me if you are seriously 
gotta love watching the toon on the arabic tv networks . full of pundit rejects like keys and gray . howay newcastle ! 
good to see newcastle playing in the traditional sweden kit of yellow shirts & blue shorts . and they're winning ! good omen for friday ? 
newcastle almost doubling on townsend , no games lol .
as a newcastle fan i never bet against them always for and they always lose . i have tottenham today and newcastle are 1-0 up 👍💩
when newcastle attack its quick and with purpose , when we attack its slow and laboured . 
newcastle vary of townsend's abilities .
newcastle win please and man utd getting hammered later on will male my sunday . 4
newcastle are playing fifa football , counter attack - chipped through ball ,
why would sky decide to send newcastle fans all the way to london for 12 on a sunday ? 
goal spurs 0-1 newcastle ( 13 mins ) gouffran slips the ball through to loic remy , who takes it around friedel before slotting home 
since when did newcastle play in a brazil kit ?
watching newcastle is like watching brazil
tottenham don't do this to me today ....
 my second english team my no 1 is obvious the reds of manchester -utd
newcastle winning 1-0 at spurs atm ?
newcastle's clever tactic of playing in arsenal's away kit to scare spurs appears to be working well so far .
tottenham are shit 
hold on newcastle ..
lemme watch this newcastle vs tottenham game .
what's the newcastle - spuds score ?
under 2.5 goals in the spurs vs newcastle match is 2/1 . michael thinks there's a play there despite the early strike from the magpies .
yes newcastle !!
newcastle's pressure though
spurs game play suits newcastle's long ball over top shite !
tottenham look so static today . no movement in front having to play square a lot . newcastle playing well .
newcastle always have a good follow !
since the derby defeat newcastle have looked very good . pardew loves being the underdog
strange seeing newcastle wearing yellow .
are newcastle france or brazil today ? 
newcastle are pressing so well !!!
come on newcastle !!!!!!! remy !!!!!!!
damn newcastle is in form
come on newcastle
woah ! newcastle are wearing yellow and blue . that would be the closest remy would get to look like henry .
tottenham are losing :) :)
remy put newcastle in the lead 1-0 , great assist was made .
go on newcastle !!
newcastle dealing with townsend well
tottenham do desperately miss bale . 
i think tottenham are cursed or something
yesyes only found out tottenham losing big chance 4 arsenal to win 2day
leimma why newcastle so fuckin pro
omg literally jus woken up and remember tottenham are on ! missed literally first half nooo
newcastle definitely worried about townsend , need to play more down the left , loads of room 
newcastle have got to sign remy when his loans up !
tottenham don't look a top 4 team to me
come on newcastle !
come on newcastle !!!
still 1-0 for newcastle ..... m . y . 10
sadildo is useless ... newcastle impressive ..
i hate tottenham
newcastle are hot this season !! hope they don't give arsenal any threat tho ...."
bad news for tottenham , townsend is not bale .
spurs trailing . power newcastle ni .
nw tottenham - newcastle
newcastle are fast becoming my second favourite team ! let's hope they hold out
jeez , tottenham are making it so hard for me to love them this season .
waiting to gel . parked the bus . poor support from the crowd . no more excuses tottenham smash them 
tottenham never played attractive football .
newcastle lead right now hmm
there are this three teams on the epl that are proving to be another this ... aston villa , newcastle and west brom
come on newcastle
newcastle have their goal , that's job done for them ! can't see us scoring now
newcastle's pressing/closing down really is making us struggle . townsend has two men on him every time he has the ball .
watching tottenham v newcastle , newcastle 1-0 up
cycle 20 miles in the sunday morning sunshine , returning just in time to see sp*rs go one down to newcastle at white hart lane : done .
cmon newcastle yeah
so newcastle's leading ... liverpool is very lucky this week . hopefully man utd beats arsenal tonight . liverpool will benefit :d
on the other hand newcastle look brilliant
i actually adore newcastle united
remy is tearing shit up at newcastle this season !
remy has been exceptional for newcastle this season , reminds me a bit of henry .
tottenham lack a decent number 10
get in , 1-0 newcastle
newcastle can change their club name to francecastle already .
i'm quite impressed with newcastle they seem to be coming back strong since the derby game 
knew remy would score yes newcastle
pozeyyy dvant spurs-newcastle
come on newcastle
newcastle now leading , goal by remy . tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle .
it feels like tottenham have adopted a tiki taka style with no end result
newcastle's forward line is technically good . 
why are spurs playing 1990's serie a football this season , y not just go out score newcastle , got the better players by far .
how can tottenham have one of the most exciting teams in the league yet play the most boring football in the league
what a shit camera angle the newcastle v tottenham is . oh yeah i forgot shit ground 
if tottenham finish top four this season , i will eat my hat . or any other hat anyone offers me .
if newcastle united beat tottenham hotspur , it'll be lovely . just lovely .
newcastle are running riot what's wrong with spurs today ???
if newcastle win and man u get a draw i will be so happy
haha love seeing tottenham losing
tottenham only seem able to grind out results can't outclass a team
today started with so much promise & then newcastle scored
just realised how aaron ramsey has scored more goals this season than the whole tottenham team in the premier league 
who scored for newcastle ? just turned the tele on
yooooou can do it newcastle ~~~
do tottenham fans know that the silence was only meant to last for 2 minutes ??
epl update 25 ' tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united 13 ' loïc remy
newcastle allowing vertighen and walker way up the pitch but nothing good has come out of it so far for spurs .
defoe isn't respected at tottenham . he causes more threats than soldado anytime he plays
today's events at the lamb of rhos : spurs vs newcastle 12pm sunderland vs man city 2pm man united vs arsenal 4pm
newcastle 1-0 suprs 
all the tottenham players have let bale get to them , seems like everyone wants me that cut in and shoot guy .
newcastle one up against spurs get in ! one of my accumilator games
don't like tottenham's defence here . 3 of this back 4 like to bring the ball out of defence . leaves big gaps .
 come on 
tottenham 0 vs 1newcastle ... still in progress @26
hope newcastle , sunderland , arsenal and swansea win today
yes loic remy , a true arsenal fans , has scored again . come one newcastle beat the chicken
good to see so many geordies in the newcastle team , keeping up with traditions 
tottenham hot'cunts must lose lose ! dankie loic remy !!
newcastle defence looks solid , was quality towards the end of the chelsea game as well
come on newcastle !!!
come on you spurs you can do it ! just remember newcastle are shit ! 
todays one of those days where townsend needs to prove he can pass to . newcastle are going to double team him and that will open someone up .
why is lamela on the bench again ? sure its newcastle but what about us against west ham or last week with chelsea ?
tottenham play rylan football .. arsenal play leona lewis football
newcastle and spurs's game is better than i thought it be
late , but we will cover spurs vs newcastle and it's currently 0-1 to new newcastle thanks to loic remy's goal .
i can't even be bothered abot tottenham today . their inconsistency is annoying me . if una like no pull your acts together
14 of newcastle's last 15 goals been scored by frenchmen . * frenchcastle *
i should be writing another 300 words before i head back to newcastle .
spurs/newcastle fans are chanting something to the tune of our carrick chant .
gutted abiut tottenham loss :'(
tottenham to lose and utd to win , it's going to be a sweet day . -) 
cockblock fc to lose 2-0 against the toon , come on newcastle !!
newcastle could be a real good team if they gained some momentum .
predicting newcastle and manu victories today . it better be so . 
if newcastle win today they'll think they're going to win the league for the next couple of weeks
negredo wants alot of spanish players in the premier league , yet newcastle and sunderland are still being blamed for all the foreign players
lol tottenham are losing
yes come on newcastle !! the day has started well 
newcastle win , united arsenal draw and sunderland win would be a perfect day
i want my rock and roll tottenham back ! 
the high pressure of newcastle is troubling spurs , need to be quicker in transition .
tottenham need to score to start this acca off nicely ⚽️💷
glory glory newcastle united ! lol 
breaks the tottenham scoring record in midweek and then gets dropped for soldado 
i was shocked to see remy at newcastle anyway . he should of come arsenal
hold the line newcastle 😜😜😜
spurs 0-1 newcastle will be the final score guarentee , could put money on it
is it just me or does newcastle away kit look like arsenal's away kit
if newcastle sign someone to play with remy uptop we'll be laughing bags of tina turna baki
southampton won yesterday ... now for tottenscum to loose to newcastle and we win against manure . yeahhhhh ! why are manure fans so quiet ?
newcastle qui mene grace a remy !
tottenham have no fluidity in their play , they depend on individual brilliance !!!!
tottenham had to find a replacement for bale so they bought 4 players hahaha
come on newcastle ! id rather the nothern team win
does anyone want 2 union j tickets for newcastle city hall on the 28th december dm me if you do
apa ni newcastle tiru away arsenal
why is this newcastle fullback letting townsend come inside on his left
i can't believe how people aren't mentioning how holtby's wasting his career on the tottenham bench . the lads a gem .
ffs tottenham have already conceded ?!
newcastle makes it tough for the spurs
newcastle better win
newcastle's fans are asking the tottenham fans whether they might like to do their singing for them . what polite guests they are . 
newcastle have us outmatched in midfield , might be worth bringing on the beast ? 
14 of newcastle's 15 league goals this season have been scored by frenchmen .
newcastle all brazil like lol
im happy with newcastle beating tottenham
 come on :d
newcastle are winning 1-0 lol
tottenham play shit football like , townsend is a ball greedy cunt , soldado is useless in the prem . and newcastle are just cunts
yes newcastle
get the feeling newcastle are gonna score again
a newcastle win would do us soo many favours
cheahooo lets go newcastle
he's had about 10 shots on target since he signed for newcastle in 1997 . amazing player .
wait ? remy scored ? oh dear tottenham . also , big game today . 
loving newcastles lead at white hart lane . great goal # arsenal
newcastle winning 1-0 get in !!
delightful spurs vs newcastle for breakfast 
tottenham are awful
tottenham are better away then home
i see this game ending in tottenham's way , 3-2 .
andros townsend is so predictable .. the newcastle players are on the next page .. id rather have lennon out there
 tottenham - newcastle
the newcastle fans should sing townsend you're no bale .. lol
townsend is been surrounded by a lot of newcastle players whenever he goes on one of his runs . he is looking more predictable 
tottenham will win this . 3-1 / 3-2 .
update epl 26 ' spurs 0-1 newcastle
yohan is an absolutely delightful footballer . every touch oozes class . 
tottenham this season = 10 goals luis suarez = 9 goals ( and suarez hasn't played 5 games )
so we need to score 2 goals to win , lets hope for some reckless challenges from newcastle in the box 🙏
have newcastle borrowed their away kit of of brazil ?
tottenham vs newcastle before church 👍
why is ‘ carrick you know ’ chant being sung at the spurs v newcastle match ? wth !
townsend is still the blackhole of tottenham . shot or turnover , that's all you're getting from him once he gets the ball
must be fun supporting newcastle though , never know what to expect going into any game .
25 ' ecuador del primer tiempo en white hart lane tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle ( loic remy )
feeling a bit lonely - i'm the only one sat in a pub watching the spurs v newcastle match !
be in dreamland if newcastle win this game
newcastle a good shout for the ligue one title 15/16 of there goals this year scored by a frenchman .
loic remy goal fuck you tottenham
newcastle playing some good football
a newcastle , sunderland and an arsenal win would be nice today like
should be a good day for football ! arsenal vs man united , newcastle vs spurs and man city likely to thrash sunderland :)
newcastle leading !!!
fuck of newcastle
positive start for newcastle . can't help but think it means we'll just lose 2-1 instead of 2-0 
and we all go to tottenham with our willys hanging out , singing i've got a foreskin haven't you , fuckin jew .
can't see past newcastle today . gonna be a great match !
£25 if newcastle hold on and win , £130 if they win 2-1 
please newcastle take 3 points from these disgusting yids
newcastle are wining , c'mon spurs eh !
newcastle has destroyed my liver .
newcastle leading at whl . lol
game is going to be a lot harder because newcastle can absorb and counter more comfortably when up a goal . 0-1
strolling about newcastle still smashed . what a weekend🙌
watching struggling to get the newcastle bus at white hart lane . could be the opportunity for lamela to make his mark
come on newcastle
tottenham's midfield for how good it is on paper is very average ! no one helps out the strikers and no one can score other than siggursen
yes newcastle , come on !
i have no idea how tottenham are trying to play . i don't think they know either .
carrick chant getting ripped off at white hart lane 
tottenham struggling at home to a team wearing yellow and blue . won't be the last time this season .
newcastle have a cutting edge going forward . they look sharp , very sharp . and oh , arsenal missed out on remy . seven in seven .
newcastle looking a better team recently ...
remember when bale scored a freekick agains newcastle ?
had newcastle down for a draw today . think i'd like to see lamela or lennon on instead of gylfi . just a offers a bit more out wife
come on newcastle !
tottenham will make a move for man utd's 25-year-old striker hernandez in january if they can transfer 29-year-old adebayor 
newcastle up 1-0 over tottenham already ? :: rubs eyes b/c i must still be sleepy :: no , its real .
sorry am late ......... but tottenham trail one goal
on the other other hand ( i'm hindu for this phase of tweets) , newcastle are handling spurs right now
newcastle sunderland and arsenal would be perfect .
keep it up newcastle !!! would hate to be a newcastle fan but i love watching them ben arfa remy and cissoko are top quality
pass and move tottenham it’s not rocket science it should be in our dna , put that shirt on and pass and move
goal !! walker has scored for andre villas-boas ' tottenham to make it 2-2 v harry redknapp's newcastle at white hart lane .
aye aye , newcastle making things interesting .
gooooood newcastle
we’re yet to play newcastle eh 
townsend finding it hard with newcastle doubling up on him , big test to prove what he's made of !
who's going to newcastle away 
bom digooool do newcastle
tottenham plays boring football .
tottenham >>>>>>>>>>> relegation
tottenham are torture😴
get in newcastle ! spurs are on my list of prem clubs i hate because they beat us
really fancy shola against walker today , get the ball behind tottenham and watch him fly
me and hendy are going to newcastle vs arsenal , who's coming £26
 || 25 ' ecuador del primer tiempo en white hart lane tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle ( loic remy )
come to think of it arsenal hasn't played newcastle yet .
lol newcastle already up 1-0 against the epl penalty kings tottenham could this day start any better !
tottenham wanna bag
the last english player to score in the premier league for newcastle was james perch on boxing day last year 
no idea why tottenham play with a right footer on the left , left footer on the right and soldado up front . fire crosses in , cunt will score
is remy becoming previous cisse/ba of newcastle ? what a goalscoring form ! 
think tottenham need to realise that townsend is taking 3 people out the game use that to out advantage !
i stayed up the entire night to watch newcastle play and this fucking casino doesn't have the game . 
newcastle i gagne 1-0
tottenham < nothing .
watching this spurs v newcastle game not in hd is proper annoying me
just tuned into newcastle vs tottenham , nice start to a sunday !
newcastle playing well so far cabaye pulling the strings in midfield would love to see him at united 
c'mon newcastle
 spurs 0-1 newcastle
wenger should just manage newcastle then they can join the french ligue
if mcbusted come to newcastle i will have to choose between them and atl omg
yanga mbwia must be the worst footballer i have ever seen , why on earth collocini is on the bench is beyond me 
can you hear the tottenham sing ? i can't hear a fucking thing
can you hear the tottenham sing i can't hear a f*cking thing . come on sing up !!!!!!!!!!!
so , what minute is the tottenham penalty going to be given today ....
don't do this to me tottenham
wonders of modern technology . watching newcastle-spurs on ipad from con table at  
didn't expect to turn the tv on and see newcastle winning
fucking hell , tottenham fans who say they miss bale , are bullshitting .
you really do have to laugh at tottenham this season with the money they have spent .
sorry tottenham but you just have to drop points
i feel sorry for tottenham , they turned up thinking they was playing newcastle .. turns out there playing brazil .
c'mon newcastle !!
and its newcastle 1 ........ join us for a super treble of football !!! can the geordies beat spurs at white hart lane !!! s'd v man city 2pm ..
but banking on newcastle to defend for 90 minutes is like you know banking on soldado to score from open play 
howay newcastle !
good strike by vertonghen 
newcastle ! go magpies !
it feels disgusting going for a newcastle win
ahhh sweet newcastle are winning . keep this up , don't want spurs overtaking us .. :d
may be biased cos i love defoe , but this game is crying out for him . someone to run in behind and pull newcastle's cbs all over the place !
tottenham are such a melt 😂 
newcastle booked , christmas presents all coming together nicely and birthday this week ! excited girl :d
vatsay vatsay vatsay ????? manure fans le ntlhomolelang pelo tota .... newcastle on point ..... happy af 
any tell me why the yellow and blue away kit is a popular choice for some epl teams 
come on newcastle
would be great if tottenham , man city and united all lost/drop points today .
how to beat tottenham ! score early ! game over ! slow , predictable ! 
tottenham r so shit lol soo sooo shit come on u magpies
now to start off this super sunday tottenham vs newcastle legooo
need this spurs vs newcastle game to draw ! 
game on newcastle ...
are you watching newcastle vs tottenham
 totenham vs newcastle .
tottenham losing and arsenal drawing would make this weekend amazing :) :)
score between spurs and newcastle ?
come on newcastle !!
haha , these jammy spuds can't tell if they're playing newcastle or asrenal in that yellow/blue kit . shitting their pants regardless . 
spuds are shit without bale bailing them out losing at home to newcastle 😂
fucking shit . wake up tottenham !
watching spurs newcastle on my break .. good result if it stays this way .
spurs v newcastle , stortford v northampton , united v arsenal . what a sunday
remy scored for newcastle against spurs 1-0
come on newcastle !!
goal ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . remy .
i don't reckon one tottenham player would get into arsenal starting 11 serious the only player who comes close is vertoghen and paulinho
tottenham wage bill high
go on newcastle !!! ⚽️
been good of the tottenham fans to extend the pre game silence for an extra half an hour so far
newcastle <3
what's the spurs/newcastle score ?
newcastle already 1-0 up , this could be a very good weekend of football results 
thats tottenham's 2nd free kick . tim krul is looking right into the sun , if they get a shot on target i reckon it's all over red rover .
super sunday at themount york spurs v newcastle sunderland v man city man utd v arsenal £ 2:30 a pint food served all day 
newcastle should win 
bale to real madrid özil to tottenham was this not an option ? 
in a pub in newcastle watchin the game n nota poppy in sight 
newcastle are winning = happy household . please stay this way i like a happy household .
c'mon newcastle
predicting 1-1 for both spurs-newcastle and united-arsenal .
i think newcastle are getting atleast 1 point , can't see spurs getting 2 penalties 
why are spurs playing brazil ?? 
i would guess that if qpr get promotion they would want remy back . if not newcastle probably have first refusal so i can't see him at afc
come on newcastle .
not happening yet for - have to say newcastle are pressuring magnificently ! 
shane colemans show cut in half to cover match between spurs+newcastle . come on !
watching newcastle vs tottenham
avb was right . spurs fans are shit at whl . all you can hear is the newcastle supporters .
fucking newcastle
come on newcastle ... toon toon
tottenham are a bunch of bottle jobs ✋
come on newcastle !!!!
these newcastle away jersey is not bad at all
tottenham are shit lol
a newcastle win , city win and a draw later on will be perfect results . although i wouldn't mind if arsenal beat united
some absolute mongs in newcastle haha
tottenham losing already lol
please please please spurs do not lose at home to newcastle . with the money spent we should be genuine title contenders .
spurs are all ova tottenham . der is no gareth to bale dem out .
tottenham you are painful to watch
tottenham couldn't score in a fucking brothel ! 
manchester rivals newcastle rivals north london rivals all in action what a great sunday 
come on newcastle !
keep going newcastle 
yidds better finish newcastle tbh
newcastle doing pretty well atm , good side
i seriously want this newcastle jersey !!
tottenham are playing shit !
loic remy scores again for newcastle . time to sell him at a decent price in january and strengthen our squad . 
newcastle looking to be this years giant killers . 
newcastle , sunderland and united please .
newcastle wearing a poppy on their kit with scumbags wonga as their sponsors . irony etc
newcastle playing in the brazilian kit colour ! the nicest kit colour in football ! 
newcastle players doing their jobs really well . so quick to close us down . we need to move the ball quicker
these newcastle jokes be writing themselves
both of tottenham's premier league defeats this season have come before the international break - 0-1 vs arsenal and 0-3 vs west ham .
oh fuck off newcastle
i need newcastle to win today to kick my bet off nicely 😁
omg what a day of football , newcastle then man city then man utd
come on newcastle beat the scum spurs :p 0-1newcastle
 tottenham hotspur v newcastle united . away side already lead 1 goal to nil . good stuff ! 
tottenham have cost me 10 points already the twats
scores update : 1-3 2-0 0-1 
newcastle being absolutely raked by foy so far
it's just me and the tottenham hotspur twitter that are awake and active right now . so lonely ... so cripplingly lonely
 ( j11 ) ( 25 ' ) tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( loic remy , 12 ' )
' 26 sp*rs 0 - 1 newcastle
goal update : tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united ( loic remy 13') . -27
i always liked newcastle .
tottenham would be a lot better team if andros townsend actually passed the ball to someone
spurs cant get beat off newcastle dear me
 spurs v newcastle with sunderland v man city ( 2.05 ) & man utd v arsenal ( 4.05 ) to come . super sunday indeed .
let's go newcastle ! crush tottenham shitspurs !
i haven't calculated how many frenchmen are playing for newcastle yet 
newcastle at it again
newcastle be giving the big boys tough tym !
newcastle thinking there brazil with that kit
19 mins gone - tottenham 0-1 newcastle - loic remy ( 13 mins )
newcastle making us proud
a 12 : 00 kick off for travelling newcastle fans is an absolute joke . 
 totenham vs newcastle 
chance for tottenham as a long-range free-kick from jan vertonghen is driven just past tim krul's left-hand post .
can i hear tottenham sing . ..... no no
if arsenal win and tottenham and city drop points i will be a seriously happy chap
spurs must be praying for some yellow cards to slow down newcastle's robust breaking up of play .
tottenham have won their last 4 home games against newcastle . currently 1-0 to newcastle !!! 
yeah , 28th minute sp*ds 0-1 newcastle
if tottenham ruin my accumulator on the first game i'm not going to be impressed .
do newcastle think they are brazil wid that strip ? 
i like a lot of teams . newcastle are one of those
's on loan to has put put them 1-0 v tottenham . such a major , major shame , we couldnt have kept him for this seaosn
remy puts newcastle infront against spurs . get in the toon !
tottenham will challenge arsenal for man utd striker chicharito .
yes newcastle !
tottenham so meow tonight . hahaha
5 . newcastle are winning . decent
tottenham are so weak upfront , soldado's a flop
newcastle have looked to play right through spurs cbs at least 5 times ... & scored doing so . i'd be concerned if i was avb . 
this chiriches defends like david luiz , he's all over the place . obviously a weak link in the defense and newcastle will look to exploit
tottenham are actually so shit at the moment . avb needs to sort it out
loveing the constant fouls off newcastle talk bout killing what tempo we ever have great header off soldado that
 newcastle vs tottenham ..... 1-0 newcastle lead ..... 
could newcastle metro be anymore unreliable ?
tottenham vs newcastle*beer *
i see tottenham scoring from a set piece💭
zzz newcastle is winning but i cant find a working stream
if tottenham sell defoe in january then remy is the ideal replacement
tottenham 1-0 down nice and early ... loveit
newcastle currently winning at 1-0 , sitting at 6/4 in play . tip of the year .
alamak spurs vs newcastle ehh . whats the score ?
can't believe norwich are beating tottenham 
gent , newcastle ganhando do tottenham , fora .
do not watch newcastle to win , or i'll have a very moody other half later . to anyone i told he was in newcastle , he's actually in london ha
someone turn the sun off ! can hardly see the newcastle players in there own half !
time for sunday lunch while watching a whole day of football . newcastle and sunderland both to win . so the devils can move up 
when tottenham fans are angry , friedel makes the save for newcastle .. !!! save the epl position
tottenham's home support vocally is absolutely brutal . cheese and biscuit fans .
currently watching newcastle beat spurs , good times . hope they have the match after this .
let's go newcastle ! : $
don't see why tottenham paid 25 mill for soldado 
a full day of watching football is just what i need 😁 
yes newcastle haha
currently wondering how newcastle are winning spurs
tottenham vs newcastle . both feveret team
tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( loic remy 13 )
tottenham are preparing a january bid for manchester united striker javier hernandez .
tottenham vs newcastle⚽️
's on loan to has put put them 1-0 v tottenham . such a major , major shame we couldnt have kept him for this seaosn
we are just not good enough ! at home and getting dominated by newcastle 👍
come newcastle , keep it together
now watching tottenham - newcastle united .
go on newcastle ! great save by krul there
goal !!! tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united . (*) 
we have completed 136/156 passes so far ( 87%) . in comparison newcastle have made just 44/64 passes all game and lead 1-0 .
 goal : 0-1 ( remy ) 
newcastle giving away too many free kicks .... ( he tweets as they nearly score from one )
newcastle on another ' giant killing act'? 
watching my second favorite team newcastle playing .
enjoying day off watching super sunday football tottenham vs newcastle ! sunderland vs city ! united vs arsenal ! betis vs barça ! 
on paper , newcastle are a great team
spurs 0-1 newcastle - 29mins gone , soldado with a lovely backwards header froces a krul save 
newcastle give tottenham the beating of their life 
newcastle looking to be this years giant killers . 
really would be a super sunday if newcastle win and sunderland
tottenham reali need defoe coz soldado is not a threat in any way ... he is doin absolutely nthn in ths game
think remy is starting to show how much cissé has been holding newcastle back
come on newcastle ! 
if newcastle win , just lol
great save from krul . newcastle still lead .
tim krul is a class keeper ! 
yes yes yes newcastle
omfg , tottenham game was 12 o'clock kick off
referees trying to help out tottenham here 
come on newcastle !
hebat tol la remy ishak newcastle niee ...
watching newcastle vs tottenham , great match ! 
where are all these expensive midfielders tottenham bought ? 
yeeess newcastle , eat that sp*rs
fuck off tottenham
how are newcastle still winning this
enjoying a nice sunny morning down on newcastle quayside thai breakfast from 
newcastle winning woo
if tottenham fuck my accum up in the first game for the second week running i will not be happy . cunts .
come on tottenham
's on loan to has put put them 1-0 v tottenham . such a major , major shame we couldnt have kept him for this season
come on newcastle🙌
spurs 1 - newcastle 0 ,
even if newcastle only get a point i will be happy
newcastle is french team : 70% of their players speak french
i hope newcastle win this match ! 
gowan newcastle ! 
timmy k and soldado . both just nullified each other with some world class football . 
newcastle are just too good
come on newcastle beat the yidos
newcastle have to win today
tottenham lose arsenal win = banter on the tl priceless
tottenham will appeal for a penalty from anything
tottenham loves penalties .
good morning , bpl . i see your tottenham is down .
tottenham is a joke .
comon newcastle
defoe not leaving tottenham , says villas-boas sd
spurs defenders need to get behind the newcastle mids in time to block the through balls , sissokho and cabaye in particular
omo newcastle dey para large oh
newcastle in their ' let's pretend we're brazil shirts . lol !
decent a fiver @ 9/1 had a nice winner on ( premier league tottenham v newcastle ) with - 
i don't get why tottenham don't play through soldado or give him chances it makes no sense having a good , goalscoring striker and not
the keeper is standing in the way of tottenham hostpur equalizer .
newcastle players time wasting in the first half 😂
newcastle always seem to bag
i like the way newcastle's strikers , instead of pressing spurs ' defence , block passes into paulinho-dembélé - leave dawson on the ball .
got out the bath and newcastle are winning yay
need newcastle , sunderland and man united to win today , or at least draw
mod tonight 1 ) spurs vs newcastle 2 ) sunderland afc vs manchester city 3 ) manchester united vs arsenal 4 ) swansea afc vs stoke city
tottenham probably spent £120 m on 6 players would well rather have bale & modric back
come on newcastle !!
hate it that newcastle are good and we are absolutely balls
surprised tottenham never got the penalty there , scums
nothing sweeter than tottenham losing this match today ... newcastle do this !!! 
can't wait for artpop tomorrow :d !!! even though i'm at work and can't buy it on actual cd until i get back into newcastle !
diantara nonton final race moto gp atau spurs vs newcastle -___-
feels weird working in tottenham at this time
what the fuxk man ref , tottenham are going down far too soft today ffs
dear baby jesus , can we please let tottenham lose today . fanx
tottenham losing . keep it up magpies .
great header saldado ! great save ! 
newcastle are either shit 1 minute or good the next hope they are good today tho i hate spurs !
none of the 33 premier league goals newcastle have scored in 2013 have been by an englishman . 
kamon reff , this is tottenham game ! give them a bloody penalty !
so far on my mind , tottenham wasted a lot of money .
big game day 
newcastle 1-0 up , which means no 6 points for dawson today . 
newcastle are playing like brazil in their new kits . spurs can be finland 
i bet you tottenham will get a last 5 min goal
remy scores for newcastle against spurs . loris would've saved that
nice game newcastle
newcastle playing in a brazil kit ! 
the thing with newcastle is they never seem to keep a clean sheet .
top save by 
didn't actually expect to see newcastle winning get in !!
tottenham simply do not put people forward
newcastle's loic remy scores against tottenham , his first season in is really impressive .
right , let's see tottenham losing , city losing , a score draw for ars-utd , and swansea going back above cardiff today !
tottenham are a goal behind !!! wow !! love you newcastle !! :d :d
newcastle win and united draw . best results for today !
newcastle look high on confidence again this week but it's plain to see what tottenham haven't been scoring . no support for soldado
are tottenham playing brazil ? 
i wake up to hear tottenham are losing and creampied lighty footy banter . good sunday so far . bring on man utd ! 
newcastle has to win
haha newcastle :) very good
i don't get why tottenham don't play through soldado or give him chances it makes no sense having a good goalscoring striker and not use him
30′ 0 - 1 newcastle united
krul what a save . 
newcastle are so dirty
lorri will love me if newcastle win today o: )
the way that tottenham's season has been so far i'm surprised they didn't get that penalty there ! 
newcastle .. bunch of hacks . foul , foul , foul . 😠
told you tottenham will always be the same 😂🚶
just like west ham , the newcastle barcodes are an awful team ... leave it to spurs to make em look like world beaters ! 
this match proves that newcastle is not a mediocre team ...... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . spurs is
do not want newcastle to win , or i'll have a very grumpy other half later .
as for 2011-12 , refereeing mistakes meant arsenal should have finished behind tottenham hotspur for the first time in the wenger era ,
what a great save by krul , newcastle far better side first half
newcastle leading .. muhahahahahahahaha hold on newcastle . you have 3m+ gooners on your side tonight !
tottenham goalkeeper hugo lloris has been left out of the squad for the match against newcastle at white hart lane .
do newcastle think they are brazil ?
since when did newcastle steal brazil's kit ?
* tottenham penalty appeal klaxon *
wow ... if they beat tottenham then the newcastle of old are back
newcastle players are made of glass ! 
tottenham losing .....
did tottenham really spend 100mill aha they look fucking average this season
my worry is how to get southampton to give up on their chase for champions league football . they scare me more than tottenham .
come on newcastle !
i love newcastle !
newcastle's away kit is hideous .
fucking hate newcastle me , they've scored 15 goals in the league this season and 14 of them have been scored by frogs .
looks like newcastle could make another upset ..
comon newcastle best not drop this now
tottenham down 1-0
newcastle leading totenham ..... wow
so much football on today . hopefully arsenal and newcastle do the business
loic remy !!!!! spurs 0-1 newcastle
spurs newcastle game jus too boring
newcastle = french revolution
newcastle are leading ? grtttt
loic remy has changed newcastle this season . unbelievable knack for goals
tottenham are so frustrating to watch
newcastle are 1-0 up , remy with the goal . come on newcastle . this would be a good result .
tottenham hotspurs .. £101 million in signings ( majority forwards ) & only 9 goals scored .. how tf are they in the top 8 ???
soldado claims to be spanish but his massive nose shows he's just a tottenham jew
tottenham with all the possession but no lk ,,,,, sorry
newcastle havin a few breathers .
need sunderland and newcastle to win . then we need to do out bit at 4:10 pm 
in saying that newcastle win here and a arsenal draw later would go down a treat .
yes newcastle !
nw : newcastle- tothenam .
in 1996/97 united were 5 points behind newcastle after 10 matches - won the league with 7 points .
if remy doesn't come off newcastle are literally hitler .
bloody 
come on newcastle keep it up !!
go newcastle united .. .
spurs is playing and losing and nepa won't give me light . wankers . them and tottenham
nice 1 newcastle .....
newcastle ain't ramping with spurs today man
hope remy joins newcastle make remys loan a offical signing
70% possession and still a goal down 
newcastle must think they're brazil with that away kit
love how tottenham always try to put arsenal down , yet they always finish below us and seem to think soldado is better than ozil😂 cunts
might jump off 9ers if newcastle beat us
i'll be a very happy man if tottenham and arsenal lose today .
spurs game could go either way but newcastle are looking good but spurs are the better side at the moment 1-0 still newcastle
newcastle , sunderland and arsenal to win , 62/1 . i will be a very happy boy if that comes in !!
man utd 12th man referee , tottenham 12th man penalties , liverpool 12th man the kop
hahahahaha shame tottenham dirty scummy pricks !
that newcastle kit is class
tottenham is the 8th best team in london
i wanna go home , i wanna go home , tottenham's a shit hole , i wanna go home !
tottenham a a shit hole i wanna go home haha love it newcastle
but tottenham !
tg ya newcastle totenham fdp
i think avb is clueless , i think he never even thought that newcastle would sit back and take their chances , he's such a numpty
yes !! newcastle !!!
sensational save by tim krul .. beautiful save 
still expect spurs to get back into this 1 . imo if newcastle want to win this they will need to score another .
come on newcastle inflict some paaaiiinnn 
newcastle is down and receiving treatment atm
i hate newcastle 
the newcastle physios pumas ! <3
i recon hugo lloris would of been off his line quicker than big brad and maybe even saved newcastle's goal . v 
really don't want to lose to newcastle just because i hate pardew so fucking much
guy fouls soldado in the box , barely touches the back of another player then lies down for ten minutes . 
my dad will be totally proud when i tell him i've been watching the tottenham match
my dream end to the prem weekend .. - newcastle win - man utd/arsenal draw - city to win yaya toure to score again !
newcastle singing tottenhams a shithole is rather ironic
newcastle score anyone ?
 v ... dad's happier as newcastle ( his team ) are 1-0 up ! next match vs 
flicked on the footy after hearing it was 1-0 to someone . i nearly had a heart attack when it turned out to be newcastle .
i want tottenham to lose as well . i hate having to depend on other teams results but cfc aren't playing to well atm . man city to lose too .
tottenham hotspur : scum of the league .
newcastle are on fire lately
half an hour played at white hart lane !!! newcastle united still in control here . tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united , now .
 down 1-0 to .... this league is gettin interesting ...
tottenham are a horrible horrible club
been a good game so far newcastle playing well still want a draw tho
newcastle fans calling tottenham a shit hole ? literally the only club that comes from a bigger dump .
cocky newcastle fans we want to go home
in the league this season suarez & sturridge 16 goals tottenham 9 goals
come on tottenham get into the toon !!
this is newcastle !!! you know fucking shambles joe kinear etc etc
newcastle are playing better football
remy and cabaye need to move , they are too good for newcastle
definatly a fan of newcastle's away kit
* me watching tottenham v newcastle * brother-what's ye th stand for ? are they playing new york kill me
chris houghton , newcastle hero .
i can smell another 3-0 defeat . fuck this , score a goal tottenham .
if qpr get promoted , surely they'll want remy back ? if not , surely a bigger club will have him over newcastle ? lose lose for newcastle ...
outstanding save by krul to keep it 0-1 . newcastle playing some nice football . sensing spurs will step up a gear . vs 
am i watching brazil or newcastle !?
i still don't think newcastle is gon ' win tho
newcastle goal ! ( sorry late for the tweet lunch )
the goal was avoidable . lloris plays sweeper and friedel doesn't . defence haven't adjusted so there's more space for newcastle in behind .
we are tottenham and we need a penalty !
newcastle on the ready !
great save from krul to deny soldado header . tottenham finding their feet
get in newcastle ! fuck off yids .
i see newcastle going for the brazil look with their kit today 
the away jerseys make them look like despicable me minions
got 15 minutes to get home to hear the tottenham fans boo their team off at half time !!
newcastle win is 2.30 still
newcastle r looking like arsenal !
big problem for newcastle if remy has to go off .
thumbsup fernando torres going tottenham in january thumbsup
should realise to never put tottenham on my football bets on account on the fact they are overrated and shit
newcastle better hope remy is fine
never thought i'd find myself cheering for newcastle . but the tall poppy in me loves tottenham losing . 
soldado makes it 3-2 to tottenham from the spot . his 100th goal for spurs of which 94 are penalties .
i actually like newcastle's away kit . its colourful .
look at the newcastle medics wearing rubber gloves that match their kit ....
hopefully newcastle & sunderland do justice and we win , make this a perfect day !
newcastle's brazil kit is funny as fuck .
newcastle will have a big problem if rémy can't play on ...
come on newcastle . if scum loose today and when they loose next week omg
 tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united
newcastle will be contenders for the top 4 if they play like this for the rest of the season
why . do . tottenham . fans . chant . everything . so . slowly .
come on tottenham ......!!!
tottenham have finally settled in this game , glad we got something to hold onto until that happened . might get them on the counter
what are the newcastle bench doing ? injured players must not come back on !!!!
30 ' spurs 0-1 newcastle
come on newcastle !
credit to newcastle for having a go . too many teams in this league have their cup final against chelsea & bend over the next week .
sp*rs 0-1 newcastle
today tottenham 0-1 newcastle(33 ' ) sunderland v man city( 5:05 pm ) kickoff : ( 7:10 pm ) man utd v arsenal swansea v stoke
13 ' goal ! tottenham hotspur 0 , newcastle united 1 . loïc remy ( newcastle united ) ©
hope my nephew had fun being a flag barrer for tottenham today , know he would of loved it !! football crazy ! ❤️
this newcastle kit looks like mike ashley got a good deal on brazil kits in sports direct then ruined them with a massive wonga sign
dunno who to blame , this is just not tottenham we all know
sold elvis and bought the beatles ? more like sold dylan and bought son of dork . sort it out tottenham !
tottenham spent all those millions on fodders
newcastle . you have made my day ! get in
got some money on spurd here , but happily lose them if newcastle can hold on .
looooool spurs . come one newcastle !
newcastle +2 at 4/9 looks like a good steal
two-bob clive allen saying tottenham are a club that prefer a 4-3 to a 1-0 win !! ok pal ! score 3 first !!
newcastle at it again ... no respect ..
when newcastle start to be consistent they'll be top 10 top 8 for sure ! class team 
offer : can 13/14 newcastle $460 fis @ quirindi ( gnc ) 51.81 mt . port : $ 485.25 fis
newcastle running the show at the minute 
newcastle look like brazil today
tottenham have had 7 attempts at goal . 2 on target , 3 off target and 2 blocked attempts .
remember newcastle , he's only on loan 
who scored for newcastle ?
remy down for newcastle . medics on pitch . walking wounded .
newcastle are on some form
goal spurs 0-1 newcastle ( 13 mins ) gouffran slips the ball through to loic remy , who takes it around friedel before slotting home 
so chris hughton is at the tottenham game
come on newcastle !!
honestly wanted remy over soldado in the summer . i'm not just saying that now because newcastle are winning through him
newcastle , sunderland & utd wins will do nicely and we'll slip into 5th for the international break 
hootun in the crowd at the newcastle game
how to be a newcastle player : 1 . be french 2 . be tall 3 . moan at anything
let's just hope we don't find ourselves behind newcastle after today now .
when did newcastle turn into arsenal ? 
entrain de regarder tottenham newcastle
don't rate the yellow newcastle kit . although if they do us another favour it might become my favourite .
just seen tottenham score lol
tottenham are so shit . this performance just shows bale carried you's .
fucking come on tottenham !!!!!!!!!!
last last tottenham go play draw . na only 1 goal per game dem dey score . :d
tottenham are so shit to watch .
newcastle playing well
newcastle doing arsenal a favour ..., keep them as far from top 4 as possible
tottenham play such boring football 
hope it doesnt come 2-0 newcastle because a bottled 2-0 remy first goal and just put remy first goal
dis newcastle jersey z very fine o
this third kit is hurting my eyes . newcastle this needs to change . 
jamm come on newcastle ! win my accyb
the minute silence at the newcastle vs tottenham game was perfect 
come on newcastle get another .
interesting to see what happens to newcastle when qpr are promoted and remy has to return to patented austin up front . 
hon newcastle
i have a signed copy of life of pi . queued up to meet yan martal at newcastle waterstones in the late 90's . 
devant tothennam newcastle :) 
newcastle look like they are playing in a brazilian kit .
does tottenham want to sheg my half time and full time . already kmt
newcastle have been really impressive the last 3 games . they deserved to beat us when it was 11 vs 11
come on newcastle !
look how quickly newcastle move the ball direct and with a purpose . we're soooo deep !!!! 
come on tottenham i got you in my bet .
what's hughton doing in the tottenham crowd ??
c'mon newcastle cuz that shit is funny this week . burn a spud
tottenham have been live so much this season and one of them the worst teams in the league to watch
remy is a big big problem for any team when they face newcastle
come on newcastle spurs are slacking
newcastle on tient !!!! ❤️
calling themselves ' le brazil ' av seen it all now from newcastle fans like 🙈
mayan lah streaming an tottenham vs newcastle
go on france ( newcastle ) 
47% - loic remy has scored 47% of newcastle's pl goals this season ; the highest proportion of any player in the top-flight . signing .
tottenham r shit
14 of newcastle's 15 league goals this season have been scored by frenchmen . frenchcastle . 
loool come on newcastle 
tottenham vs new castle 
lil paul is getting confused , his touch is normally good but he keeps thinking the newcastle players are his brazilian team mates 
newcastle playing well
newcastle love a through ball
wouldn't be too shabby if newcastle keep their lead and sunderland cause an upset
 tottenham vs newcastle 
newcastle could essentially field a france ' b ' side
i'm looking forward to tottenham lose
if newcastle get a second here then surely they will win the game , can't see spurs scoring more than once here
tottenham are so boring
newcastle's kit looks awful !
what's actually happened to newcastle , look as good as the likes of spurs at the minute 👏
dis krul's save off soldado's header is world class vs newcastle
wire dem newcastle
come on newcastle !!!!
dont get why tottenham get so many games on tv when they create like 3 chances per game and only score penalties
newcastle , city double lets have it
good game this spurs v newcastle , goals to come i think and newcastle to claim another big scalp .
want newcastle to win so bad⚽️🙌👏👌
that paulinho is class .., 100% passing . to a newcastle player . 
hopefully newcastle can get a result against spurs .
 - spurs ( v newcastle ) friedel , walker , vertonghen , dawson , chiriches , paulinho , dembele , eriksen , sigurdsson , townsend , soldado
 soldado so far so bad should looking for another striker .. lewandowski will be available in january !
many thanks to bbc radio newcastle's nick roberts for playing our new rack last night !
newcastle spurs
newcastle looking like a different team today
newcastle's attack was nice
ha ha , come on newcastle !!! xx !!
newcastle are working nicely ! they understand eacho other . nice to see them play 
glad to see newcastle united up 1-0 at white hart lane :)
newcastle doing very well , but clubs not supposed to lose to them at home 
common newcastle u can go home with all 3 point if u keep the pressure high
yes come on newcastle
newcastle is leading ? gorgeous !
on recent matches doubt tottenham will score more than 1 in this match .. that will also probably be a penalty .
none of the 33 goals newcastle have scored in 2013 have been scored by an englishman 
sissoko , remy , cabaye , tiote .... newcastle have got some really good players who can hold the ball well
have tottenham even scored 2 goals in a game this season ? 
can't take away newcastle's performance , but tottenham don't have any shape
newcastle are giving spurs a decent game here like
weird seeing newcastle play in yellow
come on u newcastle ! :)
gomes is on the bench for tottenham , i'd forgotten he even existed
newcastle are all over tottenham here
spurs are shit , newcastle are all over them
we love you tottenham we do ... atmosphere
 1-0 newcastle ☺
newcastle are in splendid form .
what's everyone's score predictions for today !? i'm going ... spurs 1 - 2 newcastle sunderland 0 - 2 man city man utd 1 - 1 arsenal
tottenham's high line is working 
newcastle could turn out to be big allies for us . they beat chelsea . leading against spurs . let's hope sunderland do a job too !
woo ! come on newcastle !
how can newcastle play 2 up top but we can't? avb is a stubborn cunt .
where is the match being played ? is it at tottenham ? my god the fans are so quiet .
newcastle are playing like brazil when they've got the ball . must be their kit . 
newcastle only taken the lower tier at spurs ?
newcastle are by far the better team
 i luve alyuh
spurs will still win newcastle
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh newcastle is leading
so with another newcastle striker doing well , what are the odds a big club buy him in january and he does nothing for them ?
thank god tv here is showing cba action and not spurs-newcastle !
come on newcastle !!!
i had a feeling newcastle would perform today . should've had a cheeky bet on them .
cabaye is far too good for a small club like newcastle .
come on tottenham sort it out , get it together !!!!
newcastle and sunderland to win tonight ! ( or at least get a draw )
yes newcastle
come on newcastle 👊
ok , that last one was a stretch . no more brazil related newcastle united tweets . dunga nuff damage to my rep already .
tottenham should just buy ramires and young ... then soldado would win golden boot and tottenham would win the league ...
the current spurs newcastle score is lovely
why are newcastle brazil what year is this
who's stupid idea was it to make newcastle's away kit yellow and blue ?
nice 3-1 win , scored another goal ! and newcastle are winninggg 
when i think of newcastle i think of fat bald headed guys with loads of gold loop earrings
newcastle currently showing the sort of form that had them challenging for 4th a couple of seasons ago .
tottenham are so dull
tottenham and newcastle is a cracking game
tottenham dont do this to me pleasr
loic remy has scored 47% of newcastle's pl goals this season ; the highest proportion of any player in the top-flight . [ opta ]
the problem is we seem to be playing brazil rather than newcastle . 
we need two wingers on here and and use pace . nothing happening on the left side . its comfy for newcastle right now
just imagine if newcastle won , sunderland won and arsenal won 
just noticed newcastle are playing in durham colours
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane .
decided i hate newcastle !
 too slow for remy 
way to high a line tottenham !
unfortunately i still think tottenham might win
anybody else getting poor quality picture quality on tottenham v newcastle ? jumping all over the shop here !
tottenham are one of the most frustrating teams to watch
tottenham are actually so boring to watch
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane .
if tottenham lose and arsenal win , this would be the best week ever ! 🙏🙏🙏🙏
 i luv alyuh
newcastle do hold on to the lead tottenham 0-1 newcastle
spurs 0 vs 1 newcastle united :)
newcastle playing well
20 minutes tottenham 0-1 newcastle - loic remy ( 13 mins )
spurs are here for the taking , hopefully newcastle do us another favour .
newcastle have bagged at least a draw today ... we all know spurs won't score more than 1 goal
tottenham what's happened
tottenham are so bad to watch
no one even likes newcastle
tottenham play some boring football 
would be good if newcastle could get a win here ! then for sunderland to beat city
c'mon newcastle protect this lead
it's 1-1 at newcastle guys
fm12 ; tottenham | fm13 ; unavailable | fm14 ; schalke / gotta love underrated teams with high potential wonderkids
spurs losing ? newcastle creeping up
35 ' spurs 0-1 newcastle ( remy )
newcastle came in great form after the match against us in the carling cup . 2-0 against chelsea now 1-0 up against tottenham ..
soldado hasn't shown his valencia form at tottenham as yet
if tottenham don't score soon they're gonna get caught on the break
i don't like watching tottenham anymore we don't play like we used too😒
spurs vs newcastle , federer vs nadal and united vs arsenal . bring it on ! 
best result for tottenham today would be a draw . the have never scored more than once in this campaign . newcastle can be relish on that .
i hope newcastle wins against shitty spuds
 tottenham - newcastle 
tottenham are so shit and 2/3 of my defence on ff are made up of them
come on , newcastle !! 
newcastle playing in brazil's kit .
not sure if newcastle , or brazil .. 
tottenham look terrible
newcastle look hard to break down
how much for a season ticket at tottenham ?
h'way the lads ! tottenham have to score 2 . they can't score so they will lose !
tottenham's best attacking threat is the cb chiriches
if newcastle took shola am a donkey off & had someone else on in place of him they'd be 3 or 4 goals up by now .
save from krul to fend off soldado's header was just world class ! will be a good weekend for if it remains this way
 tottenham vs newcastle
70% chance that newcastle will beat us !!!!!!!!!!!!
i do love newcastle . ❤️
i'm coming home newcastle ye ole ole 
feeling a bit better about losing to newcastle seeing that theyre leading spurs atm .......
at this rate newcastle will be hoping to play in london every week .
newcastle have started really well at white hart lane 
newcastle 1-0
tottenham spent all this money on attacking players and have only scored 9 goals in 10 games . 
newcastle could do with a well needed three points today
come on newcastle
hope qpr stay down so remy has more of a chance to stay at newcastle !
 - kick off babak 1 dari white hart lane ... 1 '. spurs 0-0 newcastle
can someone explain to me how defoe can't even buy a league game at tottenham anymore ... so underrated !
gotta day shola's playing top class for newcastle . 
why are tottenham always on tv , they are boring and can't beat newcastle ! fuckkkk
this spurs newcastle game has been good so far , in that spell that newcastle scored they were class
loic remy has scored 47% of newcastle's premier league goals this season !
newcastle are playing mint
tottenham looking very predictable . deciding to give townsend more of the ball than eriksen is just a joke
come on tottenham , sort it out for fuck sake
c'mon newcastle !
wow tottenham are boring . 
why is sean paul playing for newcastle ?
why are tottenham playing brazil ?
considering the players tottenham signed there's no creativity ! 
come on newcastle man !! 
tottenham should be soo much better than they are atm . with the squad they have , they have no right to be this amazingly shit .
take penaldo off now bmt !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! he's useless ain't havin it from u tottenham this week bmt for my accie i'm not .
meanwhile , ' cos of the points i dropped last week , i am a witch currently on †нε case of spurs . spurs 1 : 2 newcastle !
come on newcastle
newcastle , it's just like watching brazil , same kit anyways !
tottenham you need to get rid of avb ..... the guy is an idiot ! playing the same team that has played shit for the past 3 games 
fuck you newcastle fuck you . oh and krul looks like shaggy from scooby doo . wank .
tottenham always look solid at the back , but seem to be lacking that cutting edge up top . if only they had someone like bale ...
this tottenham team are disgusting to watch ...
loic remy is on fire for newcastle . another goal today ! 
need to be careful of high line offside trap against newcastle . they will always look for those through balls ...
is this a new game ? or is it repeat of the other games ? boring , really boring 
wow . tottenham . this is just disgusting
so newcastle who lost to sunderland have beaten chelsea and are beating spurs . er .... 0_o
newcastle's game plan of dressing like brazil to make us think that we're playing them is working thus far .
come on newcastle .
toooooo slow ! play it faster ! thats how we get our goals ! come on you tottenham boys
 tottenham football team don't play as a team , i can see 3 points coming our way
we ain't even come out of first gear yet and we still winning ! too easy for newcastle ! ⚽
keep me informed on the newcastle score please ;d
i reckon i could take a team to tottenham , set up counter attack football and get a result . they're so predictable !
how you let city come old trafford n give you 6 on the plate ? we've trained tottenham well dey can't come to the emirates with hope kmt
newcastle
c’mon newcastle !!!
newcastle/spurs btts man city win arsenal win 6/1
tottenham 0 vs 1newcastle .. stil in progress
newcastle are keen on ola toivonen and could make a cut-price £ 2.5 m bid if the 27-year-old fails to sign a new deal for the dutch side 
newcastle's away kit 😍
today-plane from scotland , tube , replacement bus , overground , underground tottenham , tube to hendon , car to nr birmingham car to tottenham ....
oh dear - unless we get eriksen on the ball more , tomorrow could be a long day for us spurs fans living in newcastle ... 
newcastle , if they're in the mood they can beat anyone .
ahhhh come on newcastle , out of all colours that work well together you choose yellow & blue :/
so spurs are trailing at home to newcastle ... that good news !
come on tottenham !! it's time to bring it !! lets goooooo !! 💙⚽️💙 xxx
yes newcastle
35 " 0-1 posesion : tottenham : 70% newcastle : 30% 
not sure if newcastle or brazil 
newcastle dominating . hit these spuds .
it's a great start to the day . tottenham are losing .
newcastle is simply out playing spu*s .
tottenham should be so much better than this
tottenham are terrible , why defoes not on the park a don't no
go newcastle go .
spurs are being outclassed by newcastle today like
newcastle look decent . must be who there playing against 100 m for what ?
this is going to be easy for newcastle if we don't change . 
avb's big weakness being shown up today ! that high line cost him his chelsea job . 
newcastle is winning ? wads tottenham doing ?
tottenham play some boring football 😴
of course this tottenham v newcastle matchup has a great history of players who played for both clubs , predominantly sol campbell . 
football sunday tottenham hotspur fc vs newcastle united fc 
ah the famous tottenham groan
that got me off my seat ! sensational save by tim krul . 
come on newcastle !
 wearing the away kit ... no wonder who are shite , are playing like shite .
loooool , tottenham are losing to newcastle . 
spurs are shite , even newcastle are beatin them
newcastle have got some massive fuckers in ameobi , sissoko and tiote 
tottenham are losing 0-1 to newcastle at white hart lane thanks to an early goal by löic remy , just what i needed .
serious doubts over whether this tottenham team have the belief in their attack to score 2
tottenham are so slow , not surprised the fans are pissed off
tottenham are looking like the tottenham of 3 years ago . self-imploding .
ffs tottenham we r so 1 paced get grip this mob r shite get in about them
newcastle would be struggling without remy .
what a great day it will be if newcastle win this match & we wipe the floor with united !! xx !
just got in and the games on spurs 0-1 newcastle that's a shock
newcastle play some good stuff
newcastle looking very sharp
defoe is a quality striker , tottenham don't take him seriously
worst half of football from tottenham probably since the west ham game
newcastle kit is beaut👌
newcastle are playing well 👏
newcastle's passing is looking great
what happened to newcastle they're playing so good ever since the sunderland game , the aggression they play with to get the ball back👌
and tottenham ¶ƨ going down ! yippee !
i'm sorry but we've turned into boring boring tottenham shit formation and slow play sort it out avb patience is wearing thin 
hope newcastle can hold out
come on newcastle
newcastle do actually play proper good football
newcastle playing some great football
" castle holeee di bwoyy dem fi miiii " 
tottenham are the easiest team to play against , just pack the midfield and you'll get a result .
tottenham can't score goals for shit so they leave defoe and lennon on the bench .... 
newcastle looking to be giant killer 
tottenham can be so frustrating to watch
newcastle look like a different team
is newcastle's away kit made up of the stuff left over from the latest sportsdirect closing down sale ?
brilliant football from newcastle .
boring , predictable , no ideas at all . this is why we won't challenge . anyone who think we can win the league . shut up 
fuck sake tottenham
spurs 0-1 newcastle remy 13 '
are the tottenham fans booing loic remy by any chance ? 
well play newcastle !
it's so frustrating being a tottenham fan
bloody hell tottenham are boring
barclays premier league | 35 ' played 0 - 1 ( 13 ' remy ) 
newcastle playing the better stuff at the min
tottenham would score more if defoe started ! 
tottenham " s newcastle match is just q warm up . the big match is still coming . i hope to see sparks flying .
newcastle have copied brazils kit here
been impressed with newcastle this game
come on newcastle
newcastle have always been close to my heart
newcastle are on it
newcastle are having to defend too much
pardew has got newcastle's tactics spot on for two games in a row . spurs being well outplayed .
spurs are making newcastle look like barca here . need to step it up and lose the nerves .
this is the newcastle that i like to see ! 
newcastle passing the ball about like its nothing
newcastle popping tottenham
what's going on with tottenham , get defo 
tottenham are so poor
tottenham playing like the away team , look v poor so far 
why are tottenham so boring to watch with the side they have .
tottenham looking crazy lethargic
what do we think of tottenham ??
do you think newcastle think the pitch is small ?
newcastle have been top class
tottenham hotspur taking on new castle united .. intresting encounter ..
outplayed by newcastle at ur own ground i can't 😂
newcastle are playing tottenham off the pitch since they scored !
newcastle doing bits ! 
come on newcastle
newcastle sont trop chaud 😱😱😱😱
tottenham are playing shit
i'd love newcastle to get a penalty !
newcastle's passing has been insane . they look a completely different team today .
what exactly is shola ameobi doing for newcastle ?? and to think he's scheming for a worldcup slot ... he's suddenly a nigerian 
newcastle's tactics have been spot on - defend deep to draw the high line and then hit with fast counter . spurs looking impotent .
newcastle think there fucking brazil
how is it that i can hear the newcastle manager shouting instructions ... spurs crowd lets have you .....
come on newcastle
it's weird to think that someone who has played for arsenal , manchester city , real madrid and tottenham can't get in to the team . 
loic remy has scored 47% of newcastle's premier league goals this season ! 
keep it up newcastle
newcastle need to chill out
if newcastle keep this up defo europa league next season
newcastle far more effective because they move the ball quickly . spurs too laboured as they have been most of the season .
newcastle looking good right now . passing and teasing the opposition's defend .
newcastle passing with confidence
totenham hotspur vs newcastle united . 
newcastle are dominating spurs ! can only see one winner , this could get embarrassing .
newcastle given way too much space through the middle
why are newcastle wearing arsenal kit ?
the way this is going you can only see newcastle scoring again . spurs have no idea how to get through .
newcastle are looking so strong away from home
my brother is going mad watching tottenham
 are an overrated club .
need newcastle to lose and swansea to not win today
newcastle gaining momentum in every match ... remy has bn fantastic 4dem of late . he reminds me of th14
there's a lack of newcastle fans on here today moaning about pardew / ashley / the grass is too long / balls flat 
tottenham are hard to watch , everuthing is so laboured and predictable , final ball is rubbish .
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane .
tottenham should play with defoe and slodado up top !
newcastle playing like the home side
a ver .. newcastle-tottenham
c'mon newcastle !!!!
loic remy cost newcastle £2m(loan fee ) soldado cost spurs £26m .
tottenham are pussying out of every tackle
newcastle are dominating this match
newcastle are playing shockingly good football . slick as fuck .
brazil giving tottenham a footballing lesson today 2014
yanga-mbiwa & mike williamson at centre back for newcastle and spurs can't do anything ...
tottenham have been playing shocking !
so enjoyable watching newcastle play ...
have to say newcastle have improved over the weeks
newcastle is balling sweet moves here ...
is this the same newcastle team ? they actually look good 
tothenham are at 15/8 to win and newcastle are 5/4 and the draw is 9/4 
tottenham can be so annoying to watch
you know you're playing bad when newcastle look a lot better .
big game for newcastle to win away at shite hart lane .
mon tae fuck tottenham 
newcastle are playing some good football
don't like saying it because i dislike pardew but newcastle have played really well so far
come on newcastle 
apart from the centre backs , this newcastle team is decent . 
newcastle look like brazil in their away kit , thank god they don't play like them . 
newcastle are popping ⚽️
newcastle is making tottenham look daft
tottenham 2 lose man c 2 lose arsenal man u 2 draw - perfect results :d
newcastle look like brazil 
are newcastle borrowing brazils kit ?
newcastle are playing quality football
never know which newcastle are gonna turn up , playing well .
remy ' 13 - newcastle 1-0 spurs .
newcastle lookin more likely 4 nxt goal . crowds nt helpin likes
is that matty lappin in goals for newcastle .? 
we are making newcastle ( who are fucking awful ) look like brazil !
best i've seen newcastle okay in a while
*/yessssssssss tottenham is losing at home come on new castle/#
i link the way newcastle is moving the ball !! 
tottenham look brutal here . absolutely no spark . fans not happy .
i see spurs are collecting it at the moment .. keep up the good work newcastle
bit early for you all is it tottenham ?! wake the fuck up !
i'm toh supporting newcastle today :p
how is shola ameobi still a professional footballer , let alone still playing in the premiership !?!?! 
seen the everton , villa , arsenal and now newcastle games , and spurs have never had me interested in a game . sooooo boring 
newcastle are leading 1-0 at white hart lane ? hope that scoresheet will keep remain till the end of match . muahahaha
i don't even support tottenham but even i can't believe defoe never gets a game !
newcastle playing like they are the team that spend £104-£108m 
this is the best i've seen newcastle play in a while if im being honest , and it's against tottenham which is always a plus 
 note to spurs - although they're playing in brazil's colours ... it's newcastle , not brazil . get a grip !
can see newcastle scoring again before spurs get the equilizer . 
what's happened to papis cisse ? first year at newcastle he was phenomenal and now he's fucking dogmeat
depresses me so much watching tottenham , such a boring side
newcastle are all over totty man
wonder how many people will tweet " it's 1-1 at newcastle " if spurs score ? hahaha foys never forget that day !
remember when spurs fans though they were good enough to compete with the best . made to look poor against an awful newcastle side
game dun causee we all kno tottenham cnt score 2 goals
tottenham fans quiet hahahahah enjoy watching that shitty team and that really shitty ground . tramps
didn't know tottenham are this poor .
newcastle are playing with real confidence here . playing like the home side .
score first half , tottenham 0-1 newcastle . remy
arsenal , newcastle and sunderland to win = perfect super sunday results
newcastle are playing some nice stuff here .
for real newcastle should be frenchcastle
newcastle more a beta side than tot
newcastle leading . mmyeah
35 min : tottenham could do with injecting a bit of pace into their passing . it ' so very s-l-o-w and that's no good .
tottenham need a second striker imo
newcastle look so much better knocking the ball around than their usual default of hoofing it
tottenham have got a massively overrated team
anytime townsend gets on the ball he is doubled up on so bring lamela on for sigurdsson , switch the sides and mess up newcastle's game plan .
newcastle to beat spurs , sunderland to beat city and united and arsenal to draw , perfect
tottenham have the worst fans in the epl lmaooo boo's everywhere
hitting the outdoors , because there are better things in life than spurs vs . newcastle…
finalement newcastle tottenham
how easily did santon get past walker there ? you'd think tottenham would know the benefits of pushing a full-back further forward ...
i need spurs to win for my accumulator but i'd rather newcastle beat them
i think newcastle's kit choice has managed to convince a few of the spurs players that they are actually playing brazil
go on newcastle
newcastle's passing has been very good across the board - would love to net another before half 
tottenham are so boring to watch ...
newcastle to get 2nd on the bounce today . 
tottenham is actually pissing me off 
newcastle should not just waste my fuel !
newcastle in the brazil kit & spurs treating the kit with that sort of respect . i think spurs should try & play more through the middle lol
hopefully the newcastle kit will remind avb of goods desire to manage in brazil ... imagine what they'd make of his negativity over there ...
newcastle kit is nice
who would you recommend as the best mua in newcastle ?
newcastle was awsome ! thanks for everyone , i'm in love ! -g
loic remy has scored 47% of newcastle's pl goals this season ; the highest proportion of any player in the top-flight . signing .
newcastle are playing some great football
newcastle are solid at the back atm
solo ride to newcastle , knees focked ride home not going to be fun
i tell you what , when the second newcastle goal goes in , this is really gonna get ugly .
if newcastle win and we win we go above tottenham :) coyn and go 5th
treble for today . tottenham , manchester city , arsenal .
tottenham have dominated so far today but the best statistics in a game is the results . one may ask " what was the scoreline ?"
just switched on to tottenham ... versus brazil , apparently .
tottenham's build up play = zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ... so boring .
newcastle gart this ... cottoons .
newcastle knockin ball
spurs vs newcastle
a powerful shot from tottenham but it goes straight at krul and he holds it . 
went to the french connection uk shop today to buy some new clothes ... and all they sold was newcastle jerseys 
why can't newcastle play like this every week ! 
tottenham are missing lennon
remy put newcastle 1 nil up @ white hart lane 
tottenham fans are like a bunch of bloody girls constantly moaning
there is no better feeling than that of watching being hammered !
what would u get for newcastle arsenal stoke & sunderland today ?
 to win !!!
this connection between newcastle f.c and french players ..... time will tell .
townsend has been in guffs pocket the whole game so far ... worldclass my arse ! 
tottenham hotspur needs a sharp striker soldado can't do this shii alone
will someone tell me where i can watch spurs v newcastle online
tottenham need to get back in the game and win me some money
newcastle are playing very well at the moment , we can only hope the international break puts them out of their stride ! 
being dominated at home by newcastle . this is horrific . be lucky to get a draw today .
tottenham don't look like scoring , soldado not as prolific a striker as they obviously hoped , and you need one for that system 
hard to tell if newcastle are playing well or spurs just terrible .
how did tottenham spend a 100 million and still manages to be an average team ?
tottenham losing at home to newcy ! love it !!!!! 
newcastle's keeper is putting in workkk
tottenham are so boring to watch
tottenham fans creating a nervous negative , atmosphere for their team once again .
loving the tottenham support ... 
at whitehart lane . tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle . were is paulinho , lamela , soldado ? if you ask me .
at first i thought kendel was joking with this newcastle thing .. guy seem proper serious lol
really want newcastle to rape tottenham so united have a chance of europa league football
newcastle beating spurs would be absolutely fantastic for us . 
tottenham need to equalise before half time
early fixtures means early brunch ... spurs v newcastle on now and breakfast is ready ...
bishop stortford , newcastle united , and arsenal , to win today please 
newcastle dominating
tottenham are shit😂😂
come on newcastle ! great start
normally i wouldn't be too happy with newcastle winning , but i do have löic remy in my fantasy team so can't really complain too much
tottenham looking poor toady
how can tottenham be losing f me
why watch tottenham vs newcastle when you can watch liverpool on motd again .
tottenham look good coming forward but unless they get a pen i can't see them scoring atm
and we need newcastle match to stay as it is
good news is that tottenham are losing . bad news is that remy has messed up my fantasy team 
tim krul playing well for newcastle .. 
newcastle looking better ...!
hopefully the newcastle kit will remind avb of his desire to manage in brazil ... imagine what they'd make of his negativity over there ...
newcastle lead tottenham ! lovely goal from remy who rounded the keeper and tapped in ! 0-1 
just got in and turned the football on , looks like spuds are losing to brazil but it turns out its newcastle in disguise .
avb's complacency i guess . maybe he didn't realised newcastle really improved this season .
songs of praise is more exciting than the football tottenham play !
newcastle have improved big time
tottenham are looking dog shote today
nothings better then waking up on a sunday to tottenham losing
can't believe that newcastle united player was allowed to keep playing after bumping his head . alan pardew is virtually a murderer . pc
wow was that a shot from a tottenham player 
thinks this 12pm kick off is a bit harsh on newcastle fans . the tv companies do not care for the match going fans .
newcastle united are bringing some crazy at whitehart lane . pardew is almost a top manager .
credit to newcastle , they're keeping up the pace !
goal ! tottenham 0 newcastle 1 alan shearer thunders home ! 
 tottenham - newcastle
come on newcastle make my nan and grandad proud 👌
i still can't believe tottenham got eriksen
loic remy cost newcastle £2m(loan fee ) soldado cost spurs £26m .
back from taking the dogs for a walk to find tottenham 1-0 down , :d
glad i’m not a tottenham supporter at the moment .
dickheads . how are we 0-1 to newcastle ? wtf .
is that brazil or newcastle ?
tottenham are looking wobbly hahaha !
tottenham doesnt stand a chance .
did someone feed the tottenham team lasagna again ?
tottenham killing me here man
go on newcastle 
nice to see newcastle play with confidence , making little mistakes but not letting it drag their performance down 
tottenham this season = 9 goals luis suarez = 9 goals ( and suarez hasn't played 5 games )
watching de downfall of tottenham
spurs 0-1 newcastle - 37mins gone and eriksen warms the hands of krul & spurs almost leave the back door open 
more speed in the build up please tottenham 
the boy can certainly finish ... it's loic remy for newcastle , 1-0 !
get a grip tottenham for fuck sake !
😂😂 tottenham playing sooo shit
newcastle playin good football ...
tottenham always trynna get balls into the box via wide play . smfh ,
how have tottenham managed to get 21 points so far this season !?
tottenham de play dead yes boss
newcastle controlling this game brilliantly .
newcastle pressing well
eriksen puts a shot in and nearly catches krul off guard , newcastle still looking the better team in this /andy mfc
if newcastle can nick a win at spurs , today could be a very , very special day . 
newcastle look a lot more dangerous going forward . spurs not carrying much of a threat . too slow , too predictable 
⚽️todays football⚽️ tottenham v newcastle 12pm sunderland v man city 2.05 pm man utd v arsenal 4pm live at ojs🍺
tottenham have been very poor .
tottenham got cut open
ive come to the conclusion this tottenham team just isn't good enough ..
twitchy tottenham
newcastle are playing so good ! offside goal
same goal from newcastle
newcastle rulling the white heart lane @ the moment
newcastle score but offside . still 1-0 newcastle
newcastle win would be perfect ...
newcastle playing some decent soccer
wake up tottenham you useless cunts
i think its safe to say that tottenham are not title challengers
tottenham v newcastle goal - newcastle leading after 13 mins thanks to loic remy !
newcastle sont chaud !
i could fall asleep watching tottenham 😴
newcastle are playing beautifully in spurs ' half
i'm just gonna finish tidying up my house then i'm gonna watch arsenal juniors aka tottenham play .
tottenham should just return eriksen back to ajax kmt
newcastle wearing arsenal yellow
newcastle playing some sexy football !
omg newcastle are kicking ball
newcastle playing some slick football
tottenham are getting dismantled😂
newcastle away kit is just like arsenal . of course they can beat tottenham with that yellow-blue spirit ;)
we can't defend , creating nothing compared to newcastle ffs
newcastle playing well ameobi putting in the net but is offside
do newcastle not know the offside rule ..
' they look rattled ' yeah because newcastle are pressing well and high up , working very hard . 442 aswell .
krul is phenomenal today ... i'm really enjoying his saves . 
newcastle are tearing spurs apart
just want another cheesy chip wrap before i go back to uni , they're just not the same in newcastle
newcastle so nearly got it perfect
tottenham's defence has been awful this first half .
damn . newcastle are 2-0 up .... but offside .
this is far too easy for newcastle .
newcastle are playing some nice football today
haha spurs come on newcastle ...
newcastle have been quality
tottenham are defending so poor
tottenham have been terrible defensively . 
kaboul is defo tottenham best defender need him badly
newcastle are violating spurs .
tottenham need to score in the first half . we are going to lose today .
out of 15 newcastle's goal this season , 14 have been sccored by frenchmen ... frenchcastle 
newcastle don't look half bad tbh
newcastle score but offside
38 mins : krul eventually deals with a rasper from eriksen , but newcastle looking very threatening on the counter attack . 0-1 .
newcastle play such good football ! cabaye is the pin point for them
very impressed with newcastle today
fuck me newcastle are on form
lovely goal for newcastle . offside like ... but wonderful play . spurs are fucking terrible .
i actually like watching newcastle for a change
newcastle playing better football here than we have all season .
bufff gol anulado al newcastle ..
newcastle are playing great football .
newcastle are playing sick !!!!!
loving the way newcastle are playing here ⚽️
decent performance by newcastle
 tottenham - newcastle
newcastle are playing class !!
unreal how easy newcastle are finding it .
when did newcastle start playing football like this ?
ooooh newcastle
newcastle dey try o
corr this is great football by newcastle . great movement and pace going forward . prone to costly mistakes going back so fingers crossed
newcastle , stop going off side you cunts
newcastle are off the head today
newcastle are playing well here . in that yellow kit they could almost pass for brazil . until the ball goes to shola ameobi .
and why'd eriksen join tottenham of all teams . ambition¿
yup , tottenham need plan b cos newcastle look mad comfortable on the ball right now . getting in dangerous areas
slick passing by newcastle
newcastle are playing class
cracking football from newcastle
the newcastle strip is minging this match like
newcastle dey ball ✌️
newcastle are playing some nice football man
absolutely love this newcastle popping it about !
newcastle all over tottenham
newcastle actually playing some decent football here
newcastle playing some lovely football
i admire how newcastle play
nice play newcastle !
spurs need to tidy this up . it's all newcastle . 
why are spurs being so negative ? it's newcastle for f@ sake not real madrid .
newcastle look very good , love to see them beat the spuds .
perfect football from newcastle . that was a close one to call
so unlucky for newcastle nearly identical to the first
newcastle playing beautiful football ekse ♥
ffs ! that was a great move by newcastle !
tottenham feel like showing up ?
newcastle dominating
newcastle look decent
newcastle playing well here .
i wish newcastle scored that :(
oi newcastle are ripping it . unlucky offside goal
newcastle look proper
newcastle looking sharp !
kyle walker has been pony ! last 3 attacks newcastle have just brushed past him !
newcastle are playing some really nice football here
tottenham are poor today
spurs been poor , newcastle look dece 
. newcastle are good
newcastle are playing some really good football , how they nearly got relegated i'll never know
how many times have newcastle been flagged offside ?
newcastle playing solid
that was so close , newcastle are playing great football
what is wrong with tottenham does the ball have a disease or something ? they seem to leave it for the other player .
when newcastle click they are decent , they just dont click that often ! cabaye cal play !!!
newcastle s away kit 🙈
newcastle playing beautiful stuff when they go forward
blimey newcastle splitting spurs midfield and both centre backs
newcastle dominant atm
cabaye is a good player in my opinion . newcastle got great value with him .
newcastle are just being aloud to attack the defence
correction , maybe we actually are playing brazil . .
have to say newcastle are looking good today and walker is getting his pants pulled down !
the movement of the newcastle players , in particular remy is just so much better ..
tottenham are so shit
newcastle playing naughty football !!! 
almost identical goal for newcastle there ... but offside ! still 0-1 ...
newcastle looking good for this lead mind !
newcastle is playing well
newcastle are playing ballllll
newcastle look like brazil !! ( not in footballing terms )
shola ameobi has the ball in the net for newcastle but it is offside . score remains 1-0 .
newcastle looking amazing !
is george graham in charge of tottenham ??? 😴😴😴😴😴😴
newcastle have been pretty good , spurs have been shit
can't explain how much i love newcastle right now !! <3
spurs look like they made the trip to newcastle by foot 
to assistindo spurs x newcastle ... paulinho cagou no gol do newcastle : t
brilliant move from newcastle , but ameobi's goal disallowed for offside .
newcastle making spurs look utter shite atm
newcastle a open up spurs suh ! loool
how is that offside ?? newcastle deserves the goal !!! 
fucks sake tottenham sort it out !!!! 
tottenham need lamela simple as . doesn't this dumb fuck avb understand ffs
newcastle look decent
newcastle's pace upfront is deadly ...
can aye won't stay at newcastle he's class
could well be 2 or 3 for newcastle !
playing class newcastle !
newcastle are playing sooo good
tottenham's defense is well dodgy today . get ben arfa on to torture them ! 
 tothenam - newcastle
come on newcastle , brighten up my weekend
newcastle dont seem to be having a problem with the size of our pitch !
newcastle all over these clowns !
newcastle playing like brazil
ohhh ! newcastle close to a second .
goal newcastle
predictions : spurs 2-2 newcastle , sunderland 0-4 man city , swansea 2-1 stoke , man united 1-2 arsenal
newcastle playing well !!!
newcastle are playing some brilliant stuff
newcastle has like fucking 349058 french players wat is this
newcastle are all over a dodgy looking spurs defence ! 
to many mistakes in the defense 
newcastle , nearly !
newcastle playing some loveley football here
newcastle is playing some stuff .. spurs havnt started yet ! 
newcastle tearing spurs to threads here . lucky only to be 1 down .
newcastle playing well
fucking hell newcastle have the key to open spurs up when they want
newcastle bossing this game
hahahahahhaha newcastle are beating spurs !!! hahahah lmfaoooooo
great stuff by newcastle
come on tottenham
spurs are making newcastle look like brazil , especially with that kit
tottenham look poor , they wanna walk it in , and at the back they are shocking .
newcastle are playing the much better football
our 2-2 doesn't against newcastle doesn't look so bad now after they beat chelsea last week an are looking the better team vs spurs today
newcastle play far better football than us , far better . so worrying this ! come on !!! 
what is going on with tottenham
i can still just about remember enjoying watching tottenham play .
newcastle are playing very well 👌💯
newcastle are actually ballin . our point there starting to look very good
newcastle look very good
newcastle are looking good .
newcastle playing well here .
tottenham what is this
newcastle playing some good football
cmon newcastle 
spurs getting the ball but newcastle look much better
it's amazing how important lloris is to tottenham's whole game plan
newcastle are playing decent football
good play by newcastle
tottenham is getting run at
newcastle just a run ball
tottenham supporters are so wank , all they do is moan , suppose it's because their team is shite 😂
the best way to start a sunday would be with a tottenham loss & the best way to finish it would be with a manu loss . 
avb just can't sit down !! get in newcastle
newcastle are playing really well
do newcastle think their brazil in this kit ?
tottenham need to sort the defence out now
ameobi scores for newcastle but it is ruled out for offside
approaching the 40 minute mark at white hart lane and newcastle still lead 1-0 thanks to an alan shearer goal . 
newcastle have made spurs look poor
tottenham look shite . they've looked shite all season . moany bitch fans as well , can't stick them .
that tottenham defence is shocking . newcastle are all over them
we're making an extremely average newcastle team look like barcelona !! 
newcastle can play ball yano .
newcastle has definitely been impressive so far .
spurs 0-1 newcastle - 38mins gone , ameobi scores but it's offside , newcastles movement centrally worrying spurs 
unlucky there newcastle with the offside , good build up play , right call tho
fam . newcastle picking off tottenham so easily .
wow . newcastle arm twisting tottenham at whl .
newcastle playing some good football . need to watch the offside trap though , been caught 2/3 times now .
why are newcastle dressed like brazil ?
newcastle playin some good football
 tottenham have gotta bring on lamela he would turn this game round . 
newcastle united are playing some really good passing football at white hart lane 
newcastle bck on form
newcastle playing some nice football
cabaye is looking like a monster here 
getting sliced open come on newcastle 
ya enganchado a espanyol 1 sevilla 3 junto a tottenham 0 newcastle 1 
newcastle playing some quality stuff
newcastle playing some good football . too bad the international break is next week to mess things up
come on newcastle beat the yids !
hate newcastle's away kit 😒
newcastle are playing some good football here👍
must say newcastle are out playing us in all departments today ! need to regroup and start the 2nd half a lot better ! 
newcastle . fuk . sik team ...
that was the same way they scored the first one .... only that this one was offside 
newcastle are playing decent
offside but that was a brilliant play by newcastle utd .
i wish the newcastle players could stay onside
newcastle are playing some great stuff
newcastle are parring
newcastle are playing well actually
tottenham are shit
newcastle looking good ... but tottenham also poor !
had a nice winner on ( premier league tottenham v newcastle ) with - 
newcastle are raping spurs ! 😳
newcastle playing some attractive football man . jeeze .
watching tottenham v newcastle chris hughton and his team watching newcastle from the stands . is jol in swansea ? i doubt it
friedel is actually so slow for tottenham now . lloris helps to have a high line because of how fast he is
tottenham getting overrun in defence . would be so happy with a newcastle win
spurs look so shit and wow newcastle are looking class
newcastle are popping it boy !!
newcastle all over spurs ... soldado is poor
damn newcastle are rolling over the spuds haha forever in our shadow
how are newcastle pulling us apart ? ridiculous
we have a strong team , but there will be new signing coming in to newcastle football team in january
ei .. newcastle e ne kentse number 2 .... dammnn offside ... go new castle ...
it doesn't surprise me tottenham aren't defending well , i transferred dawson in this week . 
really did think that was 2-0 newcastle ....
i hope newcastle win
yes newcastle , get another goal and hold on !
newcastle are mincing this outfit .. 
omg fucking hell laying in bed thinking tottenham was playing at 4 realising they are on down stairs now missed first half so angry
tottenham is shit !!!
ameobi doing the torres , rolls past goalie , scores but offside :/ unlucky shola 
we have managed to make ameiobi look good . in fact weve made newcastle look good . that's embarrassing
do tottenham have the credentials to finish in the top 4 ? for me no i think will be city , chelsea , arsenal and between liverpool and united .
newcastle running ball nf
video going live at half time of the newcastle game :)
spurs need to challenge in midfield , newcastle are passing it around with ease . step on some feet .
if newcastle and manutd win today i will be grateful very much
newcastle are popping for fun
newcastle are not a good side yet they are making us look shit . sort it out 
newcastle are making sours look average !
newcastle are playing some good football . good match so far
newcastle are on one
tottenham look shocking at the back today
newcastle are playing some quality football
tottenham are so bad
why do newcastle look so good ?
newcastle look soo much better than they did at the start of the season
newcastle have such a good attacking force
is this the same i know and love ?? we are actually passing the ball , to our own players and looking actually quite good !
what's gotten into us ? closing down and pressurising opponents into mistakes ? im liking this newcastle 
newcastle looking dangerous ... can feel a second goal coming on here ! 
4 days until newcastle !
how easy is it for newcastle
newcastle appear a much better side when ben arfa doesn't play .
newcastle bossing against spurs here . spurs look awfully dull on attack .
come on newcastle
na man every good chance newcastle gets the dumb sideman gets involved
newcastle are owning tottenham :')
newcastle looking pretty good at whl .
almost 2-0 for newcastle but offside :/
for all spurs pathetic possession every time newcastle break they look more dangerous to add another goal .
newcastle like it at tottenham don't they !
newcastle are bitching spurs all over ! 
even though they are playing in yellow newcastle playing well , if it stays like this , its another good result for city 
newcastle is much better team than tottenham at least for now . 
really impressed with newcastle here . decent side when they want to be . don't trust yanga-mbiwa as far as i can throw him mind . 
why are we playing shit ? seems like townsends the only one who dare actually attack newcastle .
newcastle's passing under pressure has improved a lot
tottenham need to sign a goal scorer in january , soldado can't cut it
newcastle are playing some tidy football !
newcastle playing some good football
newcastle playing some nice stuff here , spurs have been poor at the back . especially walker !
i wish newcastle players would stop rounding friedel and putting the ball in the net .
newcastle should be 3-0 up
tottenham are being so sloppy today
newcastle winning totenham 1-0 ! come on castle
newcastle aren't bad
yohhhh !!! newcastle united are killing tottenhaam so bad ! like a knife thru butter even ! goodness *
newcastle making spurs look bang average ( at best ) 
wot is this ?! newcastle actually playing football !!
and the tottenham fans really are pathetic , never heard a bunch of fans moan so much in my life ..
newcastle are bossing this
offside goal for newcastle . spurs really look terrible so far . dodgy at the back , no pace to the play and not many attempts to create
won 7-0 , tottenham are losing ... lovely .
something about newcastle playing in brazil's colours feels so wrong
newcastle look good !
shola denied by the flag . newcastle looking 
i cant belive it newcastle are winning
tottenham why !
the football from newcastle has been simple , effective and top class
newcastle are owning tottenham
tottenham could do with chicarito like
sorry newcastle sponsor but he's not the man you're looking for . you've got the wongai
newcastle exploiting that spud high line ..
i hate tottenham but eriksen is fucking quality mate
newcastle are class ..
newcastle playing class here
if newcastle win this is the start to what could be a fantastic day of football .
so easily could of been 2-0 to newcastle
newcastle looking decent
come on tottenham !
live sports in gibney's today : horse racing all day tottenham v newcastle 12.00 roma v sassuolo 2.00
some gorgeous football from newcastle , very surprised
offside but it all looked a little too easy for newcastle then .
shola ameobi of all people serrates a clearly unnerved tottenham back four . shame it was offside .
newcastle look slick today . spurs still don't look like a cohesive team after all these signings .
newcastle looking dangerous
tottenham's tv camera angle is unbelievably shit .
we should be building up like newcastle driving and passing quick it breaks down teams so easily
newcastle are suave on the ting spurs aren't so suave on the ting :(
go on newcastle ! foys !
newcastle are looking quality !
newcastle look good
tottenham are getting bopped , so easy to open them up
newcastle given tottenham that work
when cabaye and tiote are on form , newcastle can beat anybody
if newcastle knew the offside rule they wud he half decent 
newcastle playing spurs off the park . they'll need a second mind . tottenham bound to have a good patch after the break .
newcastle running riot so far .
newcastle are all over spurs
newcastle are playing some lovely football
if i was avb i would match newcastle and go 4-4-2 , bring on defoe for dembele 
im sorry but the newcastle away strip is awful
shola ameobi ya were off side ner newcastle have to win this game
go on newcastle go on ! so happy with m new phone ! s3 is so sick
newcastle are playing well
newcastle's away kit is horrible
love how newcastle defends and break for counter . go go go 
newcastle playing some good football . spurs looking like they've not even turned up .
tottenham should score way more than they do . bake is missed massive time i think
newcastle wearing brazils kit wtf ?????
newcastle are all over spurs
newcastle is doing dere own
so newcastle do have an away kit . why didnt they fucking wear it at sunderland
newcastle united
newcastle look a decent team here . are things really that bad for them ? 
why r we making it so hard for ourselves and newcastle r making it easy for themselves !!
how shit is tottenham's football these days .
cabaye on fire ! amazing pass ! 
woiiiii newcastle were unlucky there . could easily have been 2-0 !
getting flashbacks from last weeks defeat when watching newcastle ..
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 newcastle 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
newcastle playing some good football
newcastle have been class here first half .
omfd ! it's only fuckin newcastle -__-
nearly 2-0 newcastle ! great call by the linesman .
yes newcastle
ref should have allowed that goal just because ameobi went passed the keeper 
tottenham lucky ameobi was offside then , they were cut apart by newcastle .
fuck i hope remy transfers to newcastle , very good forward
spurs have been poor but newcastle have been hugely impressive . win against chelsea seems to have them brimming with confidence
newcastle are popping when in possession
at least i don't mind newcastle .. but we really need to bring lamela on
get in newcastle ! 
newcastle ripping tottenham apart
some great play from newcastle but they're being helped an awful lot by spurs just standing off them . anyone but ameobi and that's a goal
tottenham are losing to brazil ??
is it me or is th the newcastle alternate kit similar 2 arsenals'! no wonder they winning .. remy on point
spurs are playing that bad , they're making newcastle look like the holland team from the 70's !
spurs , apparently sacrificing creativity in midfield for solidity , are being torn apart by newcastle . what are they even trying to do ?
that was close , offside saves really playing well 
who'd of thought watching paint dry is more exciting than watching tottenham .
newcastle playing with a swagger .
newcastle played very well .. spurs ? show us tht u r worthy to be on top .
watching tottenham nowadays is painful
newcastle playing lovely 1 touch football tottenham playing slow predictable football
newcastle playing some good stuff here against spurs . 
newcastle are looking pretty decent
no english player has scored for newcastle this season
tottenham vs st. francis ? newcastle's strip is the exact double . francis 
hopefully newcastle play this well in the second half
newcastle playing wonderful football today , taking tottenham to the cleaners . 
tottenham struggling
i think newcastle are getting atleast 1 point , can't see spurs getting 2 penalties
city win , arsenal draw and tottenham loose would be a perfect afternoon
newcastle need to sign remy at the end of the season ! he's been quality
newcastle look like bloody world beaters . fucking hell spurs , up your game . wide players have done shit all . 
two big wins for newcastle if they see off spurs , looking like the team they were 2 seasons ago !
fuck sake tottenham
if newcastle start becoming consistent , then something is very wrong in this world .
must be hard being a newcastle fan , can be amazing like this first 45 or awful like first half at everton 
nuu ff newcastle ta ganhando no white hart lane
as good as he is , newcastle are a diff side without ben arfa
i wonder how shay given is doing after leaving newcastle ...
spurs need to speed their play up . newcastle are doing them
tbh i don't actually care who wins now , i just used to fancy tottenham
newcastle look deadly going forward today !
when's somebody at tottenham hotspur going to wake up and smell the coffee and realise that michael dawson is the worst footballer ever
need a goal from tottenham !
how good do newcastle look going forward !
newcastle given spurs a lesson here !
come on newcastle and come on united , never thought i'd ever say that
ozil is clearly a class above cabaye but the newcastle midfielder has been superb since his arsenal fiasco . few better in pl right now 
one of the poorest halfs of football i've seen tottenham play in a while , poor all over the park
newcastle come to whl to win and really do their homework 
erikson is tottenham's only decent player
tottenham need to wise up here , slow , sloppy , careless
either newcastle are very good today or spurs are very poor . can't make my mind up
of course i'm not reveling in how shit tottenham have been today . i'm reveling in how shit tottenham have been this entire year .
i know 442 is frowned upon but get lennon on right townsend on left lamela with soldado and av a right go 2nd half the tottenham way 
i genuinely get pleasure when i see spurs struggle/drop points . go on newcastle ! 
newcastle are playing some good stuff
fair play to newcastle , giving it a go , spurs shaky at the back , still 1-0 newcastle
long way to go but newcastle looking very good . pardew would've been under some pressure if they lost to chelsea and spurs after sunderland .
offside goals doesn't count if it's shola . 2-0 newcastle .
newcastle knocking it about very nice an with ease . tottenham just don't look like scoring . lennon , bale , vdvaart ... 
40 ' spurs 0-1 newcastle ( remy) . comeonyouspurs ! 
yes newcastle !
newcastle all over tottenham , rightfully deserve their 1-0 lead . .
happy newcastle beating spurs
i like the way newcastle are playing !! 
now i know why beat last week 
spurs spent a substantial amount of money in the summer . the fact that they're losing to a weakened newcastle side perplexes me .
newcastle have to be the most inconsistent team in this league 
in from football we lost but we played well ! now watching the tottenham vs newcastle ! come on newcastle !!!! 
newcastle thinking there brazil with that kit
i really want newcastle to win !!!
newcastle balling good
this isn't the tottenham we know
plz manchester united en newcastle ... win !
i'll be surprised if tottenham don't score tbh
newcastle and cabye are controlling this game . 
in the words of eminem .. will the eeal tottenham hotspurs plz stand up wtf
offer : aph2 13/14 newcastle $292 fis @ gunnedah ( gnc ) 30.34 mt . port : $324 fis
newcastle are playing great football
newcastle on the other hand look immense going forward ! looking forward to seeing it in a few weeks at st james's park ! 
tottenham players are rattled by their own mistakes regarding goal conceded . they & crowd need to calm down & carry on . just believe ! 
what is wrong with tottenham's formation ? it's all over the place .
newcastle look good against the spuds hahaha
why put a newcastle away game at 12pm ? poor away fans must have had to leave around 4am . sky have no care or thought for football fans . 
the combo of spurs playing shit and newcastle playing well is pissing me off greatly
newcastle playing some nice football ... great running off the ball and quick passing
no one to ' bale ' tottenham out this time round
i fancy newcastle to see this out 
 watching tottenham v newcastle chris hughton and his team watching newcastle from the stands . is jol in swansea ? i doubt it
we know friedel is old , dis newcastle players shld stop running around him loool
come on newcastle ! never thought i'd be sayin that .
newcastle on fire
come on newcastle
having lived in the ne for a while and having some horrible newcastle fans as mates , this is killing me !!
newcastle are ruining spurs ! ⚽️
from what i can tell from twitter , tottenham create chance after chance . hopefully only a matter of time now , until we score
tottenham will be all over us second half !! 
tottenham's defence doing a good job so far . a lot of offside's newcastle has conceded .
newcastle's strikers need to stop getting caught offside , could be 3/4 up with better times runs
we're playing like stoke , we're playing like stooooke , we're tottenham hotspur , but we're playing like stoke 
newcastle and southampton has to be the dark horses of this season ! what do you guys think ? < am >
slow , precdictable and sloppy from us townsand is not tracking so ever with walker trying to handle two newcastle players ! were pony
remyy was a bargain for newcastle 
city win , arsenal draw and tottenham lose would be the ideal results today
let's go newcastle !
newcastle are making tottenham look ordinary here , keep it up boys .
lol what the hell did tottenham spend all that money on ? their build up is way too slow . cunts
1st half shows urge of newcastle vs dirge of spurs . why lamela hasn't started after thurs goodness only knows .
newcastle united . this seasons giant killers . even though spurs aren't giants but you get my drift .
sideways spurs 
newcastle looks dangerous . and quiet a kit there . 
tottenham have done fuck all this game
man , newcastle's goalie is cruel .
its fair to say newcastle have done there homework
tottenham are so boring to watch
spurs need a shake up . half chances at home is not good enough . newcastle in control . 
tottenham need to change the way they play , 9 goals this season is shocking
newcastle are playing brilliant football
mad ting , newcastle are sticking it on tottenham
tottenham aren't too far behind norwich when it comes to zero movement
tottenham have got the best centre half in the league playing at left back .. ridiculous
newcastle balling
40 ' still 1 goal to nil to newcastle united against tottenham hotspur .
if today all the away teams win . it'd be a great day ! ☺️ 
not enjoying the tottenham game its so boring !
have to say impressed with newcastle so far today . remy still a qpr player ? might be worth a cheeky bid in january ! 
had a feeling newcastle would beat spurs today ..
newcastle better team 
newcastle must want to play london teams every week !
newcastle hebat dol
tottenham de vex me for this game
since when did newcastle get to be brazil ?
dis tottenham fc players slf ! hw come they r in top 6 atm slf !. they are playn nada !!!
newcastle all over tottenham ! this is more like it .... 
tottenham's build up play is more boring then barcelona's
tottenham are probably the most boring team to watch , especially at home . they just pass around waiting for something to happen ...
newcastle are playing unreal today !
really want the newcastle 3rd strip 
newcastle will just wait for us to make mistakes and pick us off on the break
newcastle playing like the home team
newcastle looking lively today . i like what i see . lively performance v city , beating chelsea , now a decent first half against spurs ...
please newcastle , don't fuck this up
come on newcastle keep that lead ⚽️
newcastle playing some great stuff . que the boos at white hart lane . 
loooool ordinary side being shown levels my newcastle 😂😂😂😂
tottenham should get serious and score here before half time
newcastle looking like brazil today . just need to get rid of the cockney t ***
tottenham players still think they're doing the minutes silence
wow tottenham are just playing so well today
spurs making newcastle look like brazil
 playing good .. 1-0 ahead at spurs
newcastle playing out of their skin , and spurs have been a pile of shit
wtf do tottenham think they're achieving from passing the ball backwards and forwards across the pitch ?!
quite like the newcastle away strip
loic remy just put newcastle ahead of spurs , this dude has been consistent right from lorient and at qpr as well , wenger please he's enough
you would think with the sun in the eye of the newcastle keeper , spurs would be taking more shots but not really . newcastle dee is on point .
either are playing brilliant or are playing shit , newcastle should be 3 or 4 nil up !!!!
newcastle defending awesomely !
40 min ... tottenham 0-1 * newcastle ( remy 13 ) 
imagine how much tottenham spent this summer but struggling at their favourite ground against stubborn newcastle team ! get in magpies
spurs are lacking .. how they losing to newcastle at home .. 
how the fuck are spurs 1-0 to newcastle ?????
got a point against us with a man down , beat the shit outta chelsea and now beating spurs . newcastle are much more than just giantkillers .
come on you newcastle !!!
newcastle doubling or even tripling up on townsend - and yet spurs don't seem to have men over . players need to find the space
have never , ever seen tottenham play so bad , newcastle are absoloutley bullying them , joke !!!!
newcastle were 5/1 today , please hold on ! 
this game has been so easy for newcastle
newcastle is the deal .
newcastle win for me
not sure if i can watch much more of this tottenham football ...
if you squint hard enough , the spurs v newcastle game is like watching england v brazil ...
newcastle's strikers need to stop getting caught offside , could be 3/4 up with better timed runs
watching tottenham atm actually depresses me 😐
cabaye playing really well for newcastle today . he's a complete cm with an exceptional right foot and creative mind . sign him up moyes !
glad i've not paid to watch this game !!! 
i am so getting newcastle yellow kit 
spurs dont like playing well when they ha e the favourites tag . west ham and newcastle should be simple points for spurs tbh
i could swear i'm watching newcastle play one-touch football 
newcastle <3
newcastle go kill dis 1s 2dai oo ..
newcastle are doing spurs !
can of srella watching the newcastle game happy sunday .
shola ameobi's been at newcastle for donkey's years hasn't he .. him and lua lua were best buds at one time .. back when newcastle were in top 4
so chilled on the sofa . watching newcastle all over spurs . banging headache though
this newcastle side are so unpredictable
dare i say newcastle are playing not too bad looking pretty organised , krul playing a blinder so far so good for my coupon 😉
considering the players they have tottenham are incredibly boring .
credit to newcastle . their pressing in the midfield has been pretty good and look dangerous whenever they go forward .
who is this team and what have they done with the real newcastle ? 
and the tottenham attack is flat as a pancake at the moment . struggling to think of many more boring/frustrating teams to watch .
newcastle 1- tottenham 0 first half almost finished .
spuds defence is all over the place . keep it up newcastle
tottenham are playing awfully well for fuck sake
it's wierd seeing newcastle in yellow . it's just like watching brazil ... not
spurs havent won 1 50/50 yet , newcastle all over them
tottenham are pure gash !
this is the worst i've seen spurs so far . wouldn't think they were competing for top four and newcastle are competing for ... emm ... well ....
newcastle !!!!!!
newcastle's left side are causing problems for tottenham
can i just point out that i put £25 on that newcastle would win 2-1 .
newcastle looking the better team so far , because , well , because they are the better team .
newcastle is battering spurs at home , possession : 40-60
tottenham have got absolutely nothing ! i can't believe they're anywhere near the top 4 .
i'm beginning to fall asleep watching tottenham play football ! #1stepforward2back
tottenham are shit without bale m8 , no match winners in their team .
newcastle look good , whereas spurs don't .
weird how my mums in the tottenham stand supporting newcastle and my dad supporting tottenham😂
newcastle good job ...
tottenham are so boring to watch
' i wanna go home , i wanna go hoooome , tottenham's a shithole , i wanna go home ' hahahahaha
come on newcastle hate spurs so much✌️
tottenham are in the shit
this spurs v newcastle game has potential
yes newcastle
anyways back to sleep . when i wake up i expect a tottenham win , city loss and smalling , fellaini , young not in the starting 11
newcastle beating spurs 1-0 , i can't see spurs winning the game , i mean the ref won't give them two penalties ;) - ian
come on newcastle !
people called me mad for my newcastle sunderland double haha , u never know !
just turned on sky and seeing the spuds losing at home to newcastle funny as fuck ha ha
newcastle are playing qualityy !
newcastle playing the better football . good movement , alot of play coming down the left flank and remy looking dangerous vs spurs high line .
just tune in to watch the newcastle game they gone brazil today no wonder they one up 
tottenham need to bring on lennon and defoe . 4 4 2
come on newcastle . a win from you today would be lovely .
i forgot i forgot i forgot that u were here !!! tottenham fans r so quiet that u can hear a pin drop 
newcastle are making spurs look like a pub team right now . passing , possession , tekkers , everyting !
mystery revealed - tottenham is shit
tottenham look shit
watching tottenham just pisses me off now , just frustrating considering we can't break anyone down
newcastle ils sont chauds
spurs could learn a thing or two from newcastle on how to work the ball quickly from one box to the other . awfully slow and lacking ideas .
tottenham may well come back and win this game , and i know this is a whole new side , but right now spurs are dire .
tottenham are so fucking shit , what's wrong with them !
for all this hype tottenham have been shocking fans and players
don't understand why defoe doesn't start for tottenham ! ⚽️
happy with newcastle taking the lead , bodes well for my only draw on today's acca !
so newcastle lead thanks to remy's lovely goal , where he rounded friedel and tapped in !
watching tottenham vs newcastle bc i have nothing to watch
40 minutes gone and we're making tottenham look like an average team
copies our kit . copies our swag . #5pur2
😂😂😂 come on newcastle ! the scum is losing 😃😃😃
i love it so much when newcastle play like they are tonight , attacking with confidence and defending with passion and organization 
who are these men and what have they done with newcastle united ?
absolutely dreadful first half by tottenham here
newcastle deserve the win . spurs are playing like cunts
tottenham hotspur nd dia £110m retinue of individual players(nt teamplayers ) is y day wud fail dis season
i really hope newcastle don't win otherwise your hear the clueless fans saying there a massive club when they really arnt atall
spurs vs new'tle - newcastle have townsend's number . every time he gets the ball he wants to cut inside . every time he gets tackled ... 
north london chavs are losing to newcastle , things are going well .
newcastle are a different animal woth cabaye fit .
i really can't phantom why tottenham play tiki-taka
spurs are shite , can't wait for the last game of the season . back in the top 4 , newcastle at home . pitch invasion 
watching the newcastle game with daddy #2 definitely feeling at home this weekend
chris * hughton , newcastle hero .
when newcastle win a few they get confident .
every time a tottenham player get the ball there is no player within 20 yards for a pass ! please help your teammates out !
no wonder my neighbourhood is as quiet as edmonton cemetery . tottenham is losing to newcastle
will be a good day if newcastle hang on to beat the spurs scum and man utd turn arsenal over !
maybe every season the newcastle away kit should be a blatant copy of a great team to inspire confidence . 
newcastle looking comfortable at 3 point lane 🎣
is that brazil in that yellow kit or is that actually newcastle 
tottenham fans please boo at half time .
why are we so negative at home newcastle have come to the lane played 2 up top n deserve to be winning fuck your tactics avb an ply 2 up top
i really like newcastle's kit
tottenham shud play 2 strikers defoe an soldado together see if they'll b more dangerous
newcastle bossing at the minute . genuinely celebrated a minute ago as well .. thought shola had scored :-(
36 min : the tottenham fans are getting edgy . villas-boas is already preparing his telling off .
in the birmingham area , newcastle striker loic remy is known as " like remy "
newcastle currently 1-0 up against tottenham .
my little cousin has signed to newcastle at the age of 10 , proud of him
loic remy is the demba ba of this season for !! 
newcastle's kit looks like arsenal's away kit💃 ?
newcastle sponsors live in the diaspora , they stay in ongata wongai
thank you newcastle ... yours sincerely chelsea fans :')
offer : f1 13/14 newcastle $230 fis @ gunnedah ( gnc ) 32.2 mt . port : $262 fis
tottenham make me wanna cry
is this brazil or newcastle united i'm watching ? go on worr kids ! 
lol it looks like tottenham is playing away ! 
newcastle leading spurs at whl !
i hate my step mum i hav to break up wiv eddie connor cause of her god i no him from eys and he from newark uk lives down newcastle ;( : @
totenham will score if newcastle keep letting them attack them like they have been
i'm glad tottenham are losing , but i'm also sad newcastle are winning 
really hope newcastle manage to sign remy permenantly
collective moan . story of tottenham a season
newcastle making spurs look distinctly average here . maybe that's just because spurs are distinctly average .
newcastle are looking really good but we need to sort our defence out
tottenham will never challenge for the title simply because they find it so difficult to score goals 
tottenham are shocking 
tottenham are also losing so its a very good day so far teehee
newcastle have really surprised me recently in this game and the game against chelsea 😳
spurs looking distinctly average against newcastle
watching tottenham is like watching paint dry .
newcastle are making spurs look distinctively average !
come on newcastle ! 😏👊
i always miss the tottenham games bc they're always on a sunday and i work on sundays , cry
now newcastle are falling apart . 2-1 spurs ... smh !
come on newcastle
i used to enjoy watching matches . last sunday & this half today i just don't see that attacking football anymore . play to not lose
newcastle are applying hella work on tottenham
tottenham this season = 9 goals luis suarez = 9 goals ( and suarez hasn't played 5 games )
tottenham fans are complete dog shit
newcastle's bringing it to the birds today . 
tottenham trailing , london is in a meltdown this weekend it appears
tottenham are just 😴
newcastle score anyone ?
tottenham are frauds they ain’t making no damn top 4 avb don’t know how to get teams to play football
tottenham x newcastle , man city x sunderland and man united x arsenal , what an amazing sunday night !!
newcastle kit looks like something you made on actua soccer 3
the wanky tottenham hotspur went to rome to see the pope ! and this is what he said : ’ f*ck off !! !
come on newcastle !
newcastle still winning loving it :-) :-) :-)
newcastle need a 2nd goal
newcastle playing brilliantly . remy causing all sorts of problems . fully deserve the lead .
hard to believe this newcastle side is the same one i saw rangers make look like the burgh for the most part at ibrox
mug pies giving spurs a run for their money 
olivia munn is at the spurs vs newcastle game today . now there's something to watch .
great start to the game from newcastle attacking and defending . come on the toon
newcastle isolating townsend really well
gotta love newcastle in times like this
newcastle lookin good
tottenham fans can moan all they like your team shocking
if i have to watch that tottenham right hand side for england i will despair , its over rated and in my opinion , average .
loic remy's acceleration and twinkle toes are a delight . why is he playing for newcastle ?
newcastle are playing brilliant football , all over spurs
newcastle united send me bonkers ! 
tottenham are just sh*t
newcastle need to score before ht ... or soldado will get a penalty in 2nd half !! i'm sure of this !
next goal in this game , v , is gonna be . penalty . remy or soldado ?
tottenham are right up there with stoke city as thee most boring team in the bpl .
tottenham are shit !!!
come on newcastle !!!!
tottenham = the least creative team ever !!
tottenham have gone shit since bale left 
spurs appear to have spent a shed load to be crapper than newcastle .
the only way tottenham score goals is with a penalties :/ ... they're so wack !
 tottenham - newcastle
krul is saving newcastle
newcastle marking townsend like every team should be .
krul has kept newcastle in the game this half
krul has kept newcastle in it
cabye is unreal and newcastle are lucky to have him 
tottenham are a load of shit anyway 
watching tottenham play is just so boring .
so newcastle leading and playing beautiful football ? i hope we don’t turn shit when i tune in for the second half later . 😐
time to shine newcastle ! don't let spurs getting 3 points !
newcastle playing some nice stuff👍 
tottenham's shirt is awesome
avb should play defoe more tottenham are
krul is saving newcastle's arse !!
42 ' paulinho ............ . | tottenham hotspur 0 - 1(remy 12 ' ) newcastle | 
krul keeping newcastle in the game
newcastle very disciplined in defence . krul on fire even with the sun in his eyes .
another good save by krul , from paulinho's shot , still 1-0 to newcastle
newcastle look so well drilled , got there game plan spot on
who is going to bail tottenham out today . life without bale . .
its too easy for newcastle . which is what i want
haway tottenham man ! get those sexy arses in gear ! 
tottenham fans are poor
newcastle doing well if they beat spurs away after chelsea win last week aswell !
have to say newcastle look pretty cohesive at the moment ; remy always a threat , cabaye in top form . fans still using wrong hashtag tho 
newcastle still with the lead .. keeping it up at the moment
krul is saving newcastle . man has gone super saiyan
pauliho with a shot ; but krul saves again ! the newcastle goalkeeper's on fire !
what a save krul . he's doing well this game . come on newcastle !
as possible as i can go there 
yes newcastle
cabaye needs to leave newcastle . top footballer wasted amongst a bagga average players
newcastle playing some good stuff
tottenham hotspur playing against brazi ... oh it's newcastle united .
tottenham make me wanna cry
loic remy cost newcastle £2m(loan fee ) soldado cost spurs £26m soooo funny
 looks like the only player looking capable of breaking down
just score 2 more goals newcastle so i can go drink in peace .
newcastle should think about making remy's loan deal permanent ! he's been on fire this season .
newcastle dey vess sha . i hope dey win :)
tottenham are so boring to watch
oh ! another great save from newcastle's goalie
galls me to say but newcastle fully deserve their lead
1-0 newcastle da hell and no lorris .....
surprised how newcastle r playing this good against a team that spent so much ££ considering they couldn't beat sunderland # 
avb needs to change his system here . townsend running down dead ends . too easy for newcastle defense with just soldado 
it's hard being a newcastle fan because deep down you usually just assume the other team is better than you and going to strike at any time .
tottenham vs newcastle . manchester city vs sunderland . manchester united vs arsenal . 
go newcastle !!!! ⚽️⚽️ beat those scumy spurs !!! plz 😃
i think 2nd half newcastle are gonna be laughing sun in the keepers eyes 
it has been very krul on tottenham so far
newcastle however look like they are starting to gel as a team , expect a top 10 or even 8 finish from them 
does anyone know the score for newcastle game
but as i said i wont bank on a newcastle clean sheet
huge huge day of sport planned 12:00 spurs v newcastle 14:05 sunderland v man city 16:10 man utd v arsenal
kurl is on fire have a feeling it may be one of those days now ive said it tottenham will batter them come on newcastle !
arsenal should get remy as a backup for giroud . he is doing so well in newcastle , imagine him being played in from özil and santi . 
 tottenham - newcastle
impressed with newcastle . especially with remy and krul .
that's twice now krul has kept newcastle ahead , two great saves !
newcastle's away jersey is the same as that of arsenal's .
said we're from newcastle lastnight , some bastard shouted ' 2-1 ', aye , fucking shat all over him when i said i was a sunderland fan , bastard
that point against newcastle is looking like a good point now
spurs are hammering newcastle
newcastle always seem to have top keepers ?
gardien de newcastle la est batard hein .
tottenham krul-y denied again ! 
krul playing really well 
what's up with tottenham !? there playing shit !! they need defoe on 
ooups newcastle 
have i really just seen a girl tweet ' spurs are all over tottenham '.. is she being serious !! lool
newcastle look soo comfortable
certainly can't use the ' parking the bus ' excuse this time - surprisingly newcastle not adopting it despite being ahead .
come on newcastle ! fuck off you spurs 
remy should of signed for newcastle straight away ! and should sign for them in the summer !
newcastle are playing decent today !
krul keeping newcastle at 1-0
ffs didn't realise tottenham kicked off at 12 fantasy football ruined
needs to play two strikers in this team . need to buy a new forwwrd in january if we want top 4 
you know what they say , if remy scores on 16 minutes newcastle win the game . fact . can't make that shit up !
tottenham are actually pish
krul playing like a machine ! 
newcastle
newcastle goal keeper deserves a cookie seriously , the damn saves
come on newcastle . beat that spuds .
i jou bien newcastle
village idiot's highline and pressing playing well in hands for newcastle .
tottenham just ain't looking good at all at the moment , still fancy them to get the win though
newcastle are all over this game - loving it !: ) 
remy will have a good season and newcastle will start to come good . 
spurs really struggling to create anything of real danger , newcastle utd well worth their 1-0 lead so far 
i follow back instantly !!! exo newcastle christmas justin bieber arsenal
tottenham behind , who woulda thought .
another good save by krul 
so far krul has saved newcastle's lead , keeping out efforts from paulinho , soldado and eriksen .
newcastle's keeper is saving them at the moment ! making some big saves
as soon as spurs up the tempo and switch point of attack newcastle struggle . it's not sustained enough though .
newcastle are decent .
been told by numerous people that this tottenham team is the best team they've seen in there lifetime , there is no reason why we shouldn't
come on newcastle
newcastle be playing tottenham lyk child's play .....
some big saves by krul so far 
krul for man of the half , exceptional saves to keep newcastle one nil up 
without krul newcastle would be fecked . liking newcastle tempo mid - to - front .
krul preserving newcastle's lead with 2 fantastic saves from soldado and now paulinho
if newcastle get win then arsenal beat man u , ill be happy .
typical tottenham corner , can't beat the first man , gotta start giving out fines at the club it's fuckin schoolboy .
newcastle are lucky that krul is having a blinder
the way newcastle are playing here , don't feel so bad about drawing with them . really crisp passing , keeping possession , and a demon remy
would like to see cabaye at united . guy would get better with better players around him . 10 mill and newcastle will fold .
come on newcastle ! keep it going boys
come on newcastle 😆
haha newcastle are already 1 nil up ahaha !
hopes for the day : newcastle win , sunderland win , arsenal embarrass united . 
it'd be funny if newcastle fans sang " it's just like watching brazil ." cos they know they're watching newcastle , they just look like brazil .
newcastle players r on roids !!!
so newcastle is leading ? cool
maths revision sorry did you mean tottenham game 
spurs don't look great but krul has saved newcastle 3 times now .. just need an equaliser ! 
damn krul . able to save trice in blinding light . he's good . 
just got in . hold on newcastle ! spurs been rubbish again ? no surprise .
however , yohan cabaye is a quality player who belongs in a better side than newcastle imo .
go on newcastle !!!!
tottenham losing to newcastle at home . .. after spending so much .
fuck off newcastle you are ruining my bet on first game !
krul is playing incredibly , especially considering that sun is staring him in the eyes the whole time . 
dembele has been terrible . seem to remember him struggling against newcastle last season too . he needs to come off
come on newcastle 😃
dinny understand how defoe can be kept out eh that tottenham team when there strugglin for goals
newcastle tottenham game isn't entertaining me that much . someone needs to score before ht
tottenham are so slow and lazy on the ball
tottenham have got to be the most boring team to watch in the league there the new blackburn 
newcastle have been very strong , hopefully they keep it up
yes newcastle hahaha
newcastle are pretty decent . spurs having a good half offensively , creating much better chances than recently . they miss lloris at the back
spurs 0-1 newcastle !
so i'm meeting this game now and why are we losing to fvcking newcastle at white hart lane ?
tottenham need a system that allows dembele to play further up the pitch
 think they are ha ha ha ha
if tottenham wins today on penalties once again , god is biased
newcastle please win this match .
breakfast , tottenham/newcastle , city/sunderland , united/arsenal ... the most chilled out day ever !!
well newcastle can fuck off .....
pretty comfortable for newcastle . spurs having the ball but creating little . money well spent avb . 
i see some people are moaning about the team , formation amd not giving newcastle credit for playing well
no wonder united fans love tottenham . they are 💯% similar
a win today will push us to 5th if tottenham lose today's game !! 
newcastle can be called london killers .
tottenham do not look like a top four team at all 
foul against newcastle
when i was in france they played man city and i was mocked by a french guy on the street for wearing my kit . " oh newcastle ! you are losing !"
spurs build up so slowly , just letting newcastle players get back ! avb you need a change lad , dull at most ..
spurs need someone to hold the ball in the middle . it's too easy for newcastle as it is .
if it wasn't for tim krul newcastle would be about 2 or 3 down
i want to put money on a tottenham win still but just can't , got to play it safe . 
photography and tottenham vs newcastle💁
newcastle leading 1-0 .. didn't expect that !
if spurs have lamella or lennon on bench need least 1 of them on and get behind newcastle and give soldado something to feed off
this tottenham squad reminds me of man city a few seasons ago with robinho , elano etc . good individual players but not that solid as a team
 – goal alert : tottenham hotspur 0-1 * newcastle united *( remy 13 ’) 
i think a large portion of my hatred for newcastle stems from their kit . this yellow and blue ensemble is quite calming .
the jews love tottenham
newcastle are playing so well ..
newcastle have been excellent this first half here , right through from krul to remy ! cabaye is a joy to watch when enjoying his football !
newcastle are looking decent here . spurs fans are killing their boys with all the moaning .
just woke up and seen the spuds score , who scored for newcastle ?
hope newcastle hold on to this .
tim krul i want what ever youv been eating this morning 
if tottenham lose southampton are top 4 at the end of today whatever happens wooo
newcastle are a bit rough arent they ?
nothing better than a sunday dinner with the newcastle match on and them winning ! 
tim krul is the best goalkeeper in the world . how he's keeping newcastle in this game is unreal .
newcastle > brazil
newcastle are actually playing quite well
go newcastle ! 
score in newcastle match ?
keep it up we like 3rd :)
newcastle can actually play some decent football
tottenham fans love a moan . we got a throw in ? why isn't it a goal ? boooooo
tottenham -1 , why paul why !!! :(
spurs 0-1 newcastle :(
 in tottenham hale - you need more staff . people leaving full baskets at the checkout .
good job newcastle . keep up
krul is on fire , 3 or 4 top notch saves keeping newcastle in the game
fouls on the half way line . cynical newcastle
soldado offers nothing to tottenham
tottenham what is this
im on a train browsing records , listening live to the tottenham / newcastle game and texting my girlfriend . technology is amazing really ...
newcastle lead kinek ? adohh
i said newcastle would win ...
townsend is gonna have to vary his game 2nd half , newcastle keep sending 3 man out to him
if you were a tottenham player , why would you ever want to play at home ? horrible environment .
newcastle playing some good football , so much for tottenham's 100mil + summer transfers what a shame 
come home to see newcastle leading .... yh
we sing what we want . we sing what we want . were tottenham hotspur . we sing what want
if we lose to a newcastle team that has shola ameobi in it then i will be left dumbfounded 
c mon newcastle
fuckinggg hell fair play newcastle !!
had faith in newcastle . glad i bet on them
you could debate what is better ... the tv turned off or watching tottenham play .
comfortable for newcastle and we are suppose to be chasing the damn game
newcastle's defending is solid so far !
the miracles is bringing to .. come back to 
watchin spurs vs newcastle game .
go on newcastle
remy has been such good signing for newcastle 
hopefully newcastle finishes off tottenham
newcastle currently look like challengers for europe too .. fuck .
as if tottenham are loosing !!!!
allez newcastle on tient :p 
loic remy is a goal machine ! far too good for newcastle ! 
listening to the newcastle match on the radio , i know two things : spurs look lost , and krul needs a cap .
newcastle leading at white hart lane
gutted am missing the newcastle match to play my second of the day :(
dembele is total fucking shank today #44fucking2
for a moment , i thought newcastle was arsenal , that away kit looks so similar ..
newcastle are playing like brasil , look at the passing feck
how could anyone think that this tottenham team are title contenders . some good players in a negative system . 0ys - very dull !!
newcastle spurs ki le rha hai ? kitnay goal se ?
its quite clear that newcastle's plan is to double up on townsend why not switch flanks ?
fair to say newcastle are playing good . 
and tottenham is losing fasho !
a bloke in the stands clearly shooting " just giving smash him " everytime newcastle get the ball 
lambang tottenham menyerlah time game ni . if you know what i mean 😎
newcastle are looking good .
tottenham you fucking cunts haha .. newcastle 1-0
tottenham vs newcastle 
i'm 95% northern apparently so obviously have a mum for newcastle has rubbed off on me
we're tottenham hotspur , we forgot how to score !
are tottenham playing behind closed doors ?
newcastle's away kit looks like it's come off the sale rail at sports direct which is probably because it has !
westbrom , newcastle , manchester united
are tottenham fans gonna sing and get behind team ? orrrr ..
spurs-newcastle , chelsea-sutherland , arsenal-man united ... in football heaven <3 ' 
hold out newcastle
fouls ( 44 ' ) : spurs 2 - newcastle 9
all that money tottenham have spent
the newcastle keeper is being very kind to arsenal fans .... a case of being krul to be kind ! :-p 
spurs build up far too slow to trouble newcastle ... need to quicken the pace with which they move the ball ....
tottenham just can't get into this game
newcastle on something serious cutting tottenham apart like that
disgusting tottenham .
can't stand newcastle anymore but they've helped us out a bit lately
nice newcastle
this is shite tottenham
yes newcastle ! beating the yids
there aren't too many times i like seeing pardew and newcastle doing well . but today is one of those occasions - can't stand spurs .
newcastle impressive . spurs thus far look one-paced and devoid of any creativity and zip in the final third . lamela on at ht perhaps ?
newcastle are so different without the ' everyone give the ball to ben arfa ' tactic .
bit harsh making newcastle fans get to north london by midday on a sunday by the way - nice one sky
newcastle isn't even joking atm
spurs wake the fuck up man , so slow to do anything , newcastle deserve their lead , played very well this half
newcastle are good enough for top 6/7 finish . littered with french internationals . cb's are weak though .
quiet as fuck these tottenham fans
tottenham hotspur is suffering a defeat at home turf
super sunday @ slug .. spurs v newcastle @ 12 noon .. man city v sunderland @ 2 pm .. man united v arsenal @ 4 pm .. see you there !!
tottenham are useless . all these good players and they still trail to teams like newcastle . its europa league for them again .
newcastle lead at half time as i flounce out of my room for a break myself 😃
newcastle always getting three men out to townsend when he gets the ball , defensively are very organised .
wah damn sian donated $10 to singapore pools cos of this sucky performance from tottenham .
michael dawson was a newcastle fan as a kid . perhaps that's why he's terrible every time he plays against us ?!
what has happened to newcastle 
i did an extra minutes silence for that tottenham goalie
the football spurs play is honestly so tedious and hard to watch , nobody ever moves off the ball or runs beyond it 
tottenham's defence is clueless
tottenham should've saved themselves £26 million and bought remy in on loan . 
the newcastle away strip is pretty nice
spurs haven't looked threatening newcastle defending well
newcastle united !!
come on tottenham 😥
go on newcastle !
tottenham are playing fucking shit
come on newcastle !! 
tottenham are poo atm
one pass forward two back from tottenham
when did watching tottenham become so boring ? no speed to their play , so pedestrian .
heard someone say that the spurs and newcastle kits are easy to confuse and that newcastle should be in their home kit ....
just turned on sky sports 1 ... are tottenham playing brazil 😕 ?
went white hart lane last season and can honestly say tottenham is the biggest shithole ive ever step foot it .. bomb would tidy that gaff up
tottenham just can't score
i wanna be watching the game :( work sucks , but come on newcastle , 1-0
looks like the sunderland result was the kick up the arse that newcastle needed to get their season started ...
hahaha get in newcastle
newcastle are on a roll :')
newcastle did so well to get remy on loan , he has truly capped off their french side .
but how many seasons has ameobi played at newcastle yo
“ how does it feel to be tottenham ? how does it feel to be small ? you sold bale and we signed mesut özil ... ... mesut özil ! ”
no sabia que estuviese jugando el tottenham-newcastle . loic remy
what has happened to tottenham ? piss poor side this year !
newcastle solid in defence today
i'm watching this tottenham game and only realize there is no tom huddleston or aaron lennon , then i find out th is now at hull
keep it up newcastle
someone tell tottenham we are in a game !!!! this aint training ! wholesale changes at ht please ...... frustrating 
this game js soo boring and tottenham look awful
spurs v newcastle , nobody cares . moto gp , oh yeah ! lets play !! :))
47% - loic remy has scored 47% of newcastle's pl goals this season ; the highest proportion of any player in the top-flight . signing .
tot vs newcastle
if defoe comes on he will score against newcastle
tottenham spent over 100m and still aren't as good as arsenal
 newcastle vs tottenham
spurs are playing shockingly bad but newcastle are immense
newcastle dressed in a brazil like kit , theyre probably thinking " if we dress like brazil ... maybe we'll play like brazil " 
listening to the tottenham game on the radio whilst im on the bus ffs
i have a feeling the lack of goals may catch up with us today 
walked about 6 miles around newcastle and gateshead this morning . finally home . afternoon of warm , ufc , football , food and code
for the next 90 minutes i'm gonna be a newcastle fan ahaha hope they beat spurs !! but knowing them they will get a penalty
newcastle look solid
brazil is trending because of newcastle : l 
newcastle getting rewards for aggressive forechecking . chris hughton , look and learn #2pl
rock and roll tottenham ???? pleaaaaaasee .
tuning into the game . love the newcastle kits ! it's brazil ! sorry if i jinx the score .
wonder if tottenham could pass it along the back four a bit more ...
£10 on newcastle to win and remy to score didn't go through last night cos of my shit laptop . come on spurs please draw/win
is that newcastle or brazil ?
spurs losing to newcastle at the lane ...... proper shite those boys
wow , the commentator for spurs vs newcastle referred to a full nelson , as a boston crab ! haha !
always rated newcastle . top , top , top side .
tottenham why you losing ?
kyle walker , that was amazing . run , turn , turn , run , run to the line , panic , pass to a newcastle player .
why is tottenham hotspur playing mamelodi sundowns . 
so many people on my tl were like spurs have bought well and will be great this season . lost against west ham and trailing against newcastle
newcastle playing really well like
 tottenham vs newcastle
tottenham are playing so shit
hate watching tottenham at home , the camera is too high
this game is soo boring and tottenham look awful
spurs are destroying newcastle
all that talent in the squad made to look ordinary , not good , sort it avb , set us up to take advantage of a shite newcastle side
wow , the commentator for spurs vs newcastle referred to a full nelson , as a boston crab ! haha !
so chelsea drew and if newcastle beat tottenham and we beat united .... it's looking sweet up there👌 
tottenham is no longer the hottest team in the pl ... arsenal can take that tittle back
tidying for this skype interview later while watching spurs v newcastle . busy day !
be such a good result if newcastle won this match
the difference is the midfield work-rates . newcastle's midfield are doing defensive work , spurs ' aren't .
how many times have defenders touched the ball today ? 
jregarde tothenam - newcastle ya 1-0 pr newcastle
come on tottenham ffs
i swear that nigga been at newcastle since papillo was at arsenal . eh .
tottenham are so shit haha
it seems tottenham are unaware that there's a left side to there pitch . so predictable get the ball pass to townsend
no wonder we're top of the league if tottenham can be this garbage and be 6th !
a feel tottenham's pain , nobody has any idea how hard it is too manage that lot !!! 
loool i remember that dead tottenham keeper gomes
newcastle ... so far , so good ... ☑
why are tottenham so boring to watch 😴
didn't know there's a match going on . newcastle took the lead against tottenham .
this day is perfect idc newcastle beat tottenham !!!!!!!!
43′ tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle united remy
newcastle's defense has kept townsend quiet so far
newcastle bossing this and that's with ameobi on the pitch !
newcastle in top form !
come on newcastle !
just came down after a shower and newcastle are winning😂
loic remy .... the saviour of newcastle .
newcastle finally acting upon their potential . they are a quality side 
 need to keep loic remy if we go up . either that or newcastle will have to pay double what we paid 
newcastle have been awesome this half hoping for more of the same in the 2nd
tottenham is suffering
nothing makes me happier than seeing avb lose and newcastle win
tottenham 0-1 newcastle
tottenham are so boring to watch 
newcastle , sunderland and arsenal wins today please ! 
i've never ever in my life enjoyed watching spurs less then i do at the moment !! boring boring tottenham !!
the win is still there if we want it . newcastle seem to want it more at the moment
newcastle giving their fans just what they deserve given the time they would have left for a 12 pm kick-off 200 miles from home
for gods sake = norwich city fc and = newcastle united fc . please newcastle fans i like you but try to use the right one
spurs say that the emirates is quiet yet all i can hear at white hart lane is the newcastle fans
norwich and west ham play better football than tottenham and chelsea loool all that money
3 minutes added . tottenham 0-1 newcastle
tottenham fans don't like a sing song unless their team is winning eh ! 
newcastle better keep this formation 4-4-2
estou a ver tottenham contra newcastle
come on newcastle ; finish the spurs scum off :)
y dnt tottenham just put townsend left lennon right plenty of width then it opens it up for the other like eriksson n dembelle ect
newcastle to win and remy to score was decent odds ! 
newcastle on new years
definitely hoping spurs lose to newcastle today . pay back their opening games luck ...
too many passengers out there today , sigurdsson main culprit 😤lamela get warmed up son . 
why is tottenham hotspur playing mamelodi sundowns ? 
krul has always been a quality keeper , can't believe newcastle were looking for replacements
i wonder what newcastle is going to come out for the second half 
newcastle playing really well 
what a day of football newcastle match on now 1:30 man city vs sunderland 4pm man utd vs arsenal happy hour button . 7-9 !! 
wanted . a player who can take a corner . 40k per week win bonuses and benifits . apply at tottenham hotspur football club 
long shot , but should tottenham try the diamond formation ?
newcastle are all over spurs
tottenham have wrecked my fantasy team this week 
spurs bagud med newcastle
tottenham are actually so boring to watch
do i go on playstation or watch tottenham get raped by newcastle ????
tottenham head injury klaxon . take chiriches off immediately .
are spurs playing well ? or is just newcastle on top form atm ?
who scored for newcastle ?
newcastle doing it again !
tottenham too predictable ! go two up top ! 18
chiriches is pretty decent . tottenham have a good squad , when they gel , they'll be a problem .
tottenham look very cautious and reserved , especially for a side 1-0 down at home .
just woke up to see spurs are down at home to newcastle 😮
i hope spurs beat newcastle because i couldn't bear another pardew press conference where he pretends his total luck was careful planning
newcastle putting on a clinic .
tottenham are so boring to watch , 100+ mil and this is what you get .
brazilcastle asking all the questions , tottenham don't know the answers . walker looks like he dropped out of school early 
newcastle look decent again this week , look like brazil in their away strip ... pity they don't play like them ! ☺
at some point the possession in this game was spurs 70% newcastle 30%
losing at home to newcastle is fucking disgraceful . no excuses . pull up your socks boys and let's have a better 2nd half 
tottenham are so boring to watch now a days !!!
always love to see newcastle beating the yids , hahahhaha
approaching half time at white hart lane , newcastle lead 1 - 0 
nice gesture on remembrance sunday from tottenham to perform 45 minutes of silence , always going above and beyond .
if newcastle beat chelsea and then spurs in consecutive weeks 🙈
just seen newcastle winning at the spuds . lol .
port vale play with a higher tempo than this tottenham 💤💤💤💤💤💤💤
chas and dave tottenham
come on newcastle keep this up !
tottenham's coach seems to be less mouthy nowadays . is it because of his godfather , mourinho ?
newcastle are playing very very well ! on the other hand though krul has made some worldlie saves !
krul has kept newcastle ahead wth some fine saves ! 
for a 100million pound team spent on attackers tottenham are absolutely shite going forward
just left church heard tottenham are get whacked ! amen !! 
how does it feel to be tottenham ..
genuinely thought this was going to be a straightforward spurs win . looks like an easy newcastle win going in at ht !
tottenham are losing at home , i'm watching friends and ross & rachel are breaking up ... everything is falling apart
spurs fans are very quiet and grumpy this morning . their team are playing crap too . newcastle parking the bus . zzzz
who do newcastle think they are having the same kit as brazil behave
well played newcastle ! hope they get remy on a permanent
well done newcastle ..
i'm surprised we haven't heard tottenham's one and only song they know yet ' there's only one ... (add player name ) there's only one .....'
tottenham are so shockingly bad it's making me sick .
another dreary half of football from tottenham ...
i'm all for newcastle win today but some of their players are wearing gloves . makes getting behind them slightly more difficult .
come on newcastle
buzzing if newcastle win this likeee
newcastle are really playing very well against tottenham . that win against chelshit last weekend has given them confidence .
no pace or movement from spurs . dembele has been shocking . newcastle pressing excellent and look a threat on the counter 
so , are spurs wank cos bale's gone , cos avb can't spend money , or both ??? 
anyone up ?! tottenham suckin rn .......... … .
tottenham fans are upset right now 😂
something told me to take tottenham out of my accums .
tottenham want goals but don't play defoe ? 
it's probably a good thing i'm not home to watch the tottenham match right now .
hold on newcastle !!
tottenham are ( sarcastic ) better than arsenal .
but newcastle wametuibia kit yetu
adebayor will break this tottenham bench one day ! 
i wish our most famous and historic clubs would stick with the team colours of which we know them best . etc .
tottenham need to get the finger out man
tottenham falling apart quickly☹
tottenham has so many good players , just not a good team
watching newcastle is just like brazil , not because of the way they play , just the strip
come on newcastle give another goal
newcastle has the chance to save chelsea's blushes should they win tothenham . currently . 0-1 in favour of newcastle . 
really need too start performing ! haven't seen tottenham play well in ages !!! come on you spurs !!! 
* awaits tottenham boo boys at half time *
newcastle defending well . aggressive and getting very tight .
i hope tottenham end this march losing , just for manchester united's sake . 
tottenham are just a shit gareth bale .
tottenham are sick
 fans are getting frustrated at the pace that tottenham are playing at . have pressed them down far to easy in this first half .
 fans are getting frustrated at the pace that tottenham are playing at . have pressed them down far to easy in this first half .
e be like say this tottenham v newcastle match sweet o ! ... its all over moi tl ... hmmm
chiriches has a nosebleed . cue media shitstorm about irresponsible tottenham .
remember when tottenham spent 100m+ & all we heard was how great their squad was ?
" we're winning away , how shit must you be " newcastle fans .
newcastle win and arsenal win and this will be a great sunday ! 
half time : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle 
yellow and blue newcastle strip is actually hideous ...
tottenham are struggling with goals but dont start defoe . wheres the logic in that ?
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane .
not looking good for spurs . as the push forward in the second half it will leave more space for the counter attacking forwards of newcastle .
why doesn't lamela get a game for tottenham ? surely must be worth a try has barely had a chance in the premier league so far 
tottenham without bale is like a hamburger without ham .
come on newcastle
come on tottenham ffs !
tottenham have been so frustrating to watch lately 😑😑 ugh get it together ! 
tottenham - newcastle 👌
newcastle playing decently
newcastle in yellow ?
tottenham fans know it was only a minutes silence before the game kicked off right ?
newcastle will never beat derby county
newcastle playing well deserve to be leading
really want to go to a chelsea vs tottenham game at home .
tottenham used to have lightning wingers attacking fast now we love to pass back and slow the game down .
another classic tottenham performance so far . all the possession , all the build up , and nothing to show for it .
second half , match them , 4-4-2 . we . are . at . home . to newcastle !
half time : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle 
 ( tonight ) tottenham vs newcastle ( 8pm , live astro 810 ) sunderland vs man . city ( 10pm , live astro 812 ) swansea vs stoke city ( no live )
streaming'an tottenham vs newcastle :)
and tottenham are doing worse
tottenham are slacking 1-0 behind
sunderland 1 man city 3 , tottenham 2 newcastle1 , man united 3 arsenal 2 // just saying ?
i know there's tottenham fans in the stadium because i can see them !!
if tottenham are to win , they need to score two goals at least . something they've only managed to do 2/10 premier league games this season .
mad how in the 21 years , tottenham have only played champions league football once
recovering after a great but tiring show last night in brighton - uk tour dates continue next thurs/fri/sat in newcastle/glasgow/edinburgh ..
make newcastle try win tottenham today abeg
newcastle are dominating spurs
nice to see covs away kit bringing other teams success too 
need to change it at half time an come out stringer . passing needs to be quick we hold the ball to long an allow newcastle def time 
 last year before we thrashed tottenham 5-2 . 
newcastle must get nothing short of 3 points .
i hope tottenham ends this match losing , just for manchester united's sake . 
if newcastle win i might make them my second team😏😂😂 beat chelsea now beating spurs👍
townsend aside , tottenham are so boring to watch . zzzzz 😴
1st half possession :d embele 70%-30% newcastle
newcastle getting the rewards for playing 2 up top here 442 👍
come on newcastle
surely doesn't need till 60/70 minutes to get sig and dembele off . avb will probably wait till newcastle 6 up though
c'mon newcastle
since the start of last season french players have scored more goals for newcastle than they have at psg !! 31/26 .
i've seen rape victims more eager than the tottenham midfield 
:: ht tottenham 0-1 newcastle ... golll by loic remy 
 are such a crazy side . not just cause they're dressed as brazil
half way there newcastle !
tottenham terrible 2 watch . 1 average lookin striker signed frm a £80m pot . is avb any improvement on harry ? must b under p if dnt make top4
bare parking tickets being issued on my road ha . hate when tottenham are playing home
didnt realise how many french players newcastle actually have till now !!
just left church heard tottenham are gettin whacked ! amen !! 
come on newcastle a result here would just about make my birthday
atmosphere at tottenham's dead :/ can't see them winning this
hold on newcastle , just hold on
tottenham are so shit . they cant score without bale hahahaha 
first half newcastle masih leading .. cantek
newcastle showing a desire to win the ball that we need ! most of our possession is backwards & forwards between the back 6 
walk downstairs to see newcastle 1 -0 up ! 
come the end of season shakeup , loic remy may be a name considered among the signings of the season . invaluable goals for newcastle .
nice of tottenham fans to hold a 45mins silence .
first time i'm watching newcastle away . had no idea they wore the same away colours as we do . strange .
newcastle qui gagne a totth >>>>>>>>>
tottenham's play is too drab ... there's no flair whatsoever . they don't even play like a team
hope newcastle , united and sunderland win today , it's been a perfect weekend for football then 🙏
shit , that tottenham player is bleeding sooo much from the nose .
up newcastle .... loic remy my man ! my namesake !.... we no g comot frm top4 dis week
are tottenham playing brazil ? 🙊👎
rooting for newcastle today for two reasons : a ) spurs make me angry b ) cabaye's face
tottenham fans always slag there team off when there loosing
wow , newcastle leading lahh .
n and an e and a wc a and s and tle un i t e d newcastle united fuck off
tottenham or having a shocking game , must be the fans fault
newcastle all over tottenham loool
pretty sad im not watching the newcastle game :(
if i was a man u fan id be so mad that an average newcastle have 2 players like cabaye & ben afra & they have likes of nani young anderson
tottenham lucky ameobi was offside then , they were cut apart by newcastle .
go to newcastle and meet lads from back home !!!
i am willing not to watch newcastle match as long as they keep playing and winning like now . come on lads . 
i woke up early to watch spurs v newcastle but spurs ' football is sending me back to sleep . 
newcastle doing us liverpool a favour , just hold onto the score now .
oh that's why newcastle is winning . their kits look like our away kits ! ;)
if play second half like they did against chelsea in the second half newcastle should gain 3 points comfortably . howay the lads !!!
tottenham losing 1 - 0 to newcastle lol
game is crying out for lamela . may as well take off paulinho , as he adds more to newcastle's attacking play than ours 
i hope tottenham and arsenal lose tonight .
 still don't convince me !! i don't think avb knows his best team or formation !! newcastle always look a threat going forward !!
how can a tottenham fan slate avb ?
newcastle united playing so well !!
newcastle united haven’t kept a clean sheet against spurs in their last 17 games .
 ( tonight ) tottenham vs newcastle ( 8pm , live astro 810 ) sunderland vs man . city ( 10pm , live astro 812 ) swansea vs stoke city ( no live )
i thought tottenham would do good even without gareth bale but now they're flopping quite hard . -_-
ameobi has played for 13 straight seasons at newcastle not counting his academy dats
newcastle outplaying the scum
tottenham don't look like a team at all
atmosphere at tottenham's dead , can't see then winning this
newcastle's leading . great .
just seen the tottenham score , no one likes to see that do they , what a shame
half-time : tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united 
what time do tottenham kick off ? are they the 2 o'clock game ?
half-time : tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united 
good to us losing at home to newcastle with the millions we have spent :)
half-time : tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united 
haven't felt like this about a tottenham team since we started challenging for top 4 !! avb is utterly clueless !!
damn i don't even know any spurs fan nor do i have any spurs followers . does tottenham hotspurs have any malawian fans ?
yes , nice one newcastle , what a lead .
newcastle united haven’t kept a clean sheet against spurs in their last 17 games .
ht . newcastle lead 0-1 . although spurs have seen more balls and forward moves they havent looked that dangerous whereas newcastle did
newcastle are fucking dirty
the only real bright spot for the spurs this season has been christian eriksen . still confused why he doesnt start every match 
come on tottenham ffs
i think newcastle should be changed to french castle 
 for all the people hating pardew and newcastle at the start of the season , there 4 points off 4th ! 
sometimes supporting tottenham flopspur is frustrating 😥
newcastle and arsenal away kits look too similar
if arsenal are an orchestra and dortmund are heavy metal , tottenham are robson & jerome
if tottenham lose too , this game will be so important .
ht tottenham 0-1 good performance by newcastle in their brazil-aping strip
deffo going newcastle in december , need to get away from this shitty area .
newcastle are by far the strangest club this year so far . one minute it's a crisis , the next they're amazing .
tottenham - newcastle --> sunderland - manchester city --> manchester utd - arsenal
premier league half-time : spurs 0 newcastle 1 . magpies lead thanks to loic remy's strike .
atmosphere is diabolical at white hart lane .. hope newcastle spank them 3-0 . 
i think the tottenham fans at white hart lane are still part of the minute's silence . someone should tell them they can make a noise now .
 spurs vs newcastle
did tottenham win or lose just woke up
half time : tottenham 0-1 newcastle . 
premier league ht : tottenham 0 newcastle 1 ( remy 13) . 
_____________________________________spurs first half performance flat lined cue the half time boos 
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy’s 7th goal of the season separates the sides after 45 minutes . can the hosts pull it back ? 
descanso . tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy ) 
half time : totty 0-1 newcastle .
only sounds like newcastle fans are singing at white hart lane 
the problem hasn’t been tactical , it’s been individual poor performances . newcastle have just wanted it more…
newcastle wearing puma is currently beating tottenham that wears under armour . nike and arsenal comfortably watching
half time newcastle 1-0 tottenham , well in remy👌⚽️
newcastle lead at ht
half time : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle .
ht tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united 
 - ( 0-1 ) - halftime
halftime at white hart lane : spurs 0-1 newcastle . [ loic remy ] . 
newcastle looking more dangerous
ht 1-0 newcastle . hold on in there newky . ( relying on other teams mis-fortunes is not the way forward .
ht- tottenham 0-1 newcastle . poor first half , nothing going for us . second to every ball , need lennon/lamela for sigurdsson . please avb .
hate to say it but fair play newcastle for that 1st half !
half time at white hart lane : tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united . 
to sum up the 1st half : only remember krul making 2 good saves . no real atmosphere in the stadium . newcastle the better side . 
half time : spurs 0-1 newcastle
apart from some long range efforts from spurs they will be disappointed with their 1st half showing . spurs 0- 1 newcastle half time .
ht : tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united ( remy 13 ) 
newcastle at half time beating spurs 1-0 , worst i've seen spurs play in ages
fucking rubbish from tottenham
ht . tottenham 0-1 newcastle . scored by remy . assisted by gouffran . come on the toon !
ht . tottenham 0-1 newcastle . 92
who's that ameobi kid that newcastle are playing up top ? having a good game !
the new stoke 0-1 newcastle . 
half time ; tottenham 0-1 newcastle
just woke up nearly being almost 1oclock , the latest iv woken up in ages lol to see spurs losing 1-0 against newcastle . fuck off
tottenham 0 newcastle 1 remy 13 half time kick off 12pm sky sports 1 and online
 ht & it's 1-0 to newcastle . spurs ' two defeats so far this season both came right before international breaks . same again now ?
 – ht score : tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united 
i hope tonight will be perfect . with that being said , it includes newcastle winning tottenham and man city winning the game . and .. yeah .
tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united --> ya spurs lah
have newcastle got 13 men out there ! seem to be everywhere today , we r slow# coys
watching newcastle play is just like watching brazil ..
not only have i cashed out on newcastle but my bet on under 1.5 goals in the first half came in . predictable spurs 
 || descanso en whl || 0-1 ( remy ) 
come on tottenham 😡
the worst thing about potentially losing to newcastle is that annoying deeb kid on facebook ...
tottenham who ? 1-0 up at half time nufc <3
halftime : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle .
so far so good .. ht spurs 0 - 1 newcastle
half time : tottenham 0 newcastle 1
half time : tottenham hotspur - newcastle united 0-1 
tottenham will always be a 5th placed side if they only have one style of play !
respect to the tottenham fans . understanding the importance of today and staying silent for 45minutes . 👏
its half time at the white hart lane , totenham 0 1 newcastle . loic remy with the only goal so far
newcastle's work rate . pressing and tempo with the ball been excellent this half . 
n thats the half newcastle 1 spurs 0
ht : tottenham 0-1 newcastle . few chances created by both sides . hope the score will remain till full time .
newcastle are killing it
class first half , come on newcastle !!
half time - spurs 0-1 newcastle - remy with the goal as newcastle's movement centrally causing spurs problems 
half-time : spurs 0-1 newcastle ! remy with the goal , krul with 2 great saves that kept us in front . /joe
this is the most difficult time for newcastle during a game . pardew's halftime team talk .
ht : tottenham 0-1 newcastle . loic remy's first half strike gives the magpies the lead at the break . can they hold on for 3 points ? 
spurs defence looks out of sorts everytime newcastle r in the final third ..
latest : spurs 0-1 newcastle sunderland 0-4 city united 0-2 arsenal swansea 0-0 stoke
go on newcastle
sammy ameobi has been on the newcastle as long as shola has been playing for newcastle .
ht : tottenham 0-1 newcastle . loic remy's first half strike gives the magpies the lead at the break . can they hold on for 3 points ? 
ht . keep it up newcastle !
come on newcastle
descanso en white hart lane , tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy ) 
swansea v stoke , 4:10 pm ; tottenham v newcastle , 12pm
come on newcastle !!
tottenham losing 1-0 at home to newcastle 
ht : spurs 0-1 newcastle . -az .
newcastle are looking like brazil in that strip
fuck spurs vs newcastle , it's all about arsenal battering united later 😂
all these players signed and tottenham are fucking shit !! ✊✋
newcastle are a problem for tottenham still ✊😂😂👌
who knew that one day tottenham would have been playing boring football
playing piss poor at home to newcastle ? shouldn't be happening . the team need to realise competition for top 4 this year is unbelievable .
half time , 0-1 . 
tottenham need a few penalties , stay on your feet newcastle and you'll take 3 points !
tottenham haven't been good enough ..
spurs vs newcastle shouldn't be anywhere near 12 o'clock . harsh on the fans again .
tottenham ! tottenham ! have you ever seen tottenham win the league ?!
newcastle winning the midfield battle so far
newcastle look like brazil ! 😜
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy’s 7th goal of the season separates the sides after 45 minutes . can the hosts pull it back ? 
newcastle blatantly gonna win this
newcastle playing well .
half time : tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united . ( 13 ' loïc rèmy ) truly deserve lead by the away side . they've improve a lot !
newcastle have been terrific
france are playing well against spurs here 
half time : tottenham 0-1 newcastle !
the score is still 1-0 right 
fuck off tottenham !
why are newcastle dressed as brazil ?!?
newcastle lead at white hart lane . yeay !
it amazes me how shola still gets a gig at newcastle
quinton fortune : " after four years i left tottenham , came home and i thought my life had come to an end " 
i'm not convinced that newcastle will win it . really not
spurs looking flat 1-0 newcastle half-time
newcastle playing very well .
how poor are tottenham though ?
newcastle looking like brazil
ft spurs 0 - 1 newcastle united ( remy ' 13 ) 
i hope villas-boas notices that we've been outplayed , out thought , outrun and swarmed by newcastle united .
tottenham are leaving massive holes in their defence
newcastle working hard to stop townsend like he's the best player loool
superb 1st half performance by newcastle .
wow ?!? newcastle leading 1-0 already ?!?
looool newcastle is punishin totenhams ' ass ,... with all their stupid soldado shit .
newcastle win united go a head of tottenham we go 5th 🙌🙌
english premier league | half-time tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle united - loic remy 13 '
tottenham are the worst team to support !
come on newcastle !!!!!!
if newcastle hold on today that's two great wins in two weeks , could affect the title race .
keep it up newcastle
have to say , newcastle have looked excellent in that first half .
can of stella watching the newcastle game happy sunday :-)
can we please just not lose to newcastle at white hart lane ? that would be terrific 
newcastle are making it rain
newcastle , not bad😕
tottenham 0-1 newcastle ht now
half-time at white hart lane , and a very impressive newcastle performance sees them 1-0 up .
has some one muted fans ? no atmosphere at tottenham
tottenham are pathetic
half time and newcastle lead
newcastle win , man united lose ... they both have 17 points ... fair
good half for newcastle
14 of 15 newcastle's goals is scored by french players .
great first half from newcastle . remy , gouffran & krul the stand out stars for me but all looking good . 
can someone tell me why tottenham are such shitcunts
i dont think will be very happy with the ref for the first half
henry main newcastle hahaha !
newcastle lead against tottenham :) ht 0-1
hmmm , newcastle dy disturb ooo ...
ht : spurs 0-1 newcastle . tim krul with some superb saves for the away side but they deservedly lead at the break 
newcastle lead 1-0 at ht
ht : tottenham 0 newcastle 1 .. loic remy's goal still seperates the sides 
newcastle are just going to park the bus in the 2nd half
eurgh , come in tottenham , some cutting edge badly needed in the second half
horrible from spurs . gameplan working again this week for newcastle .
newcastle's high-press system is working wonders here , pinching possession very well 
newcastle looking good . remy is a class act .
 half time ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . goal scored by remy in 13th minutes .
oh go on newcastle !
watched the newcastle match for 2 minutes and have seen ameobi give away the ball 3 times . 
real classy tottenham booing the players off
1-0 at half time , stoked ! newcastle are showing signs of the old days ! 
oh how you frustrate me tottenham hotspur !!!
tottenham cant score to save themselves and defoe just sits on the bench , avb needs to open his eyes
newcastle are playing so well
final del primer tiempo 0 1 ( remy )
ht 1-0 newcastle
newcastle already beating spurs . i feel it's gonna be a good football day ! arsenal !!!
tottenham pls
newcastle deserve to be ahead , but spurs improved a bit towards the end of the half . very shaky at the back though !
newcastle continually win the ball at the half way line
mak ai newcastle leading ...
half time - spurs 0-1 newcastle… goal by remy that lloris would have saved ! 
keep it up newcastle .
someone at the bar : ' you a newcastle fan ?' me : ' no , i hate spurs '
yeaaaaah great job newcastle
descanso : tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy 15 " ) . 
note to self : stop backing tottenham !
newcastle building on momentum while soldado looks rather lonely upfront would he play better along side defoe 
half time : spurs 0 - newcastle 1
the lads in yellow , is it newcastle or brazil ?? 
that was a great game newcastle ... ht
half time tottenham hotspur 0 newcastle united 1 : tottenham vs newcastle ( ht ) vs 
ht : tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united ( loic remy 13 ' ) 
we're dog shit , we're dog shit , we're dog shit tottenham
half time , still 1-0 to newcastle ods
tottenham are playing such boring football under avb
i had a great joke planned if newcastle had equalised in this match , almost a shame they scored first . 
 hotspurs its not working its not good enough we cant get goals . a team with that much quality should be doing better .
tottenham are playing quite poor
newcastle think they are brazil in that yellow kit
spurs 0-1 newcastle half time
tottenham nil newcastle one ..
not good enough , come on tottenham
so , to be honest , tottenham are definitely not in contention for the epl title . they play like school boys and the epl is a men only race
remy's 7th goal in 7 games let newcastle lead tot at half time .
newcastle 1-0 , half time
decent first half from newcastle
bit of a bloody end to the first half but newcastle lead 1-0 at half time !
 ht : tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united .
half-time tottenham 0 newcastle 1 - loic remy with the goal
ht : spurs 0-1 newcastle . go magpies !
ht tottenham 0-1 newcastle . please drop townsend for god sake avb
ht tottenham 0-1 newcastle ! 
cabaye has strolled this . 
tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united 0-1 . 13 ' loic remy scores for newcastle united ! assist : yoan gouffran 
half time-tottenham 0-1 newcastle 
newcastle look to have their formation and tactics spot on
half time - tottenham hotspur 0 - 1(remy 12 ' ) newcastle | 
descanso tottenham 0-1 newcastle
come on newcastle
i hate tottenham so much
rust ! ruststand : tottenham - newcastle 0-1 . 
newcastle lead at white hart lane at half-time .
avb looks slihtly furious ... must love the avb game faces :p 
hope newcastle hold on
spurs can only score penalties so unless they don't get a pen they're not beating newcastle
loving that newcastle kit btw
newcastle half time tottenham full time bet is going reeeet to plan
45 [+03 ] - ht : that's it for the first half at the lane - spurs 0-1 newcastle .
apart from a couple of chances newcastle well on top
keep up the good work newcastle !! ⚽️
half time newcastle 1 - 0 spurs
" when newcastle are in the mood they can beat anyone " yup , 
dembele and paulinho having a shocker . newcastle have done sod all . need a bit of urgency . too many bad touches and passes in the first half
mi temps 1-0 pour newcastle !! 
good first half from newcastle , gouffran's work-rate is top notch .
half time ... spurs 0-1 newcastle . i love it ! please stay that way . what's the bet spurs get a jammy 2nd half penalty ?
ap's got newcastle playing well
newcastle need to sign loic remy once his loan has finished
half time spurs 0 newcastle 1 been great first half .
come on newcastle keep the lead for another half !
remy was a gd catch for newcastle
half time : tottenham 0-1 newcastle 
newcastle is about to play well for a full game and a half . i'm scared .
good first half newcastle
one man up top against newcastle at home ? really !?
debuchy has improved so much since he first signed for newcastle , would happily see him in the france team against ukraine ahead of sagna .
deserved lead . newcastle have looked the better team so far .
half time tottenham 0-1 newcastle
ht : spurs 0-1 newcastle , comon you spurs let's do better in the second half
disappointing power play at the end of the half for newcastle
wake up ... brazil beating tottenham ... hangover instantly 40% better
this is fucking poor tottenham
ht 1-0 pour newcastle
matching spurs at white hart lane and 1-0 up at half time , come on newcastle
newcastle today😝
ht 0-1 newcastle superb . tempo , counter attacking , defending well . spurs simply too slow , tempo half that of newcastle . need a spark .
half-time : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle utd 
surely tottenham can turn this around , it sounds like they're dominating !
ht : tottenham 0-1 newcastle - remy's goal gives newcastle the lead , and some superb krul saves have kept that lead
end of the first half tottenham 0 - new castle 1
( premier league ) devre arası / tottenham hotspur 0:1 newcastle united
ht : spurs 0-1 newcastle . krul made some good saves , spurs lack ideas in final 3rd . cabaye good . remy continuing good form .
score predictions spurs 2 - 2 newcastle sunderland 0 - 3 city united 1 - 2 arsenal
" when newcastle are in the mood , they can beat anyone !" are you sure !??
tbf newcastle have a proper decent team , krul , cabaye , tiote , goufrann , ben arfa and remy !
tottenham v newcastle 
come on newcastle love it
if we can't beat newcastle at home we can say goodbye to champions league cause we won't be good enough to play in it .
tottenham very flat in the 1st half . i'm unsure whether the 4-2-3-1 formation works for them .
newcastle united have been good value for their lead but spurs would have scored but for tim krul .
ht spurs 0-1 newcastle . remy's early goal gives the toon the lead . spurs not out of 1st gear . soldado has hardly touched the ball .
newcastle lead now . 1-0 hotspurs
good first half from newcastle . competing well in the midfield , and dangerous going forward . krul proving he's one of the best . 
if you are just tuning in newcastle lead 1-0 which means spurs will need 2 penalty kicks in 2nd half to win
half time - spurs 0 - newcastle 1 ( remy )
imagine newcastle beat spurs and chelsea back to back . great results for them
newcastle look impressive today . apart from shoala he's just shoala
atmosphere is dead !! i can hear individual comments from the stands lol spurs v newcastle
newcastle . sunderland . arsenal . would make me the happiest man alive . get in lads . 
he's damn right when newcastle is in the mood they can beat any1
dembele and sigi off , lennon and defoe on 
good half of football . newcastle deserve the lead although krul has made some fantastic saves
had the sickest night in notts . done london . and notts , now manchester , newcastle , leicester and leeds by summer . but first ....
good first half from the toon boys ! 0-1 newcastle !! same again in the second half please !!!
impressed with the first half performance from newcastle so far
half time spurs 0 - newcastle 1
krul hasn't had a quiet day at the lane , but newcastle lead at half time
let's go newcastle !!
andros townsend says he is hoping to get on the scoresheet ahead of tottenham's game against newcastle : 
why are we struggling at home to newcastle ?
its tough for tottenham because they want to go wide , there should be variation to their game try coming through the middle .
anyone else thinks ameobi is the shittest player in this newcastle side ?
ht : good job newcastle 0 - 1 tot vs new
tottenham have been so fucking careless with the ball , no attacking threat either . games like this we need adebayor .
unusual from tottenham fans tbf !
newcastle kit is dirtyyy get it off 
go on newcastle
why is shola ameobi still playing for newcastle ?
ht : 0-1 deserved lead for newcastle at white hart lane through a terrific finish from loic remy . spurs looking very lax .
more of the same please newcastle :)
good first half by newcastle , deserve to be winning , and are making it hard for tottenham to create anything
half time : tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united 
hold on newcastle 
really good half by newcastle there . gouffran excellent
lol just seen the newcastle score 😏😏
tottenham are not a threat at all . and we talk about our lack of creativity .
strong half from newcastle that , look so much more dangerous with a quick forward going in behind on the break 
0-1 to newcastle at white hart lane . the half-time scoreline matched at 10.5 for £4 whilst newcastle at ht matched at 7.4 for £37
half time spurs 0-1 newcastle
is it just me or have newcastle made spurs look bang average ?
loic remy is the signing of the season so far by a long shot . he's become vital for newcastle must make that deal permanent pronto .
" when newcastle are in the mood they can beat anyone "
good first half from newcastle 1-0 at the break 
tottenham are looking a top half version of qpr .
but who's got remy anytime newcastle at 9s ... yep i got that ... long way to go tho ... + newcastle win in a few accas at 5s ... 
good half for newcastle spurs have been swag 
newcastle's resurgence tho .
half time tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united loic remy puts newcastle ahead , before a shola ameobi goal was correctly ruled offside .
ht : spuds 0- newcastle 1 , loic remy with 7goals in 7 premier league starts
good half newcastle !!!
would be brilliant if newcastle can hold on to this for another 45
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy’s 7th goal of the season separates the sides after 45 minutes . -hb
ht : tottenham 0 - newcastle 1 . my twitter feed has had much more to offer during 1st half than spurs .
well deserved ht lead for newcastle , you just know spurs will get 90 +2 minute penalty awarded !!!
back from footy , showered up , time for super sunday . wins for newcastle , sunderland and arsenal please 👍
tottenham undoubtfully have the nicest pitch in the league . that's what you get when you cover £100 mil worth of shit on the grass wheyyyyyy
half-time : spurs 0-1 newcastle united .
come on newcastle , you can do it . 
tottenham need time to gel , they'll have a much stronger second half to their season . especially if they buy one more striker in january .
since the start of last season , french players have scored more goals for newcastle united ( 31 ) than they have for psg ( 26) . [ richardajkeys ]
shit first half for us had a few good efforts but overall newcastle have dominated the first half !
credit to newcastle they have been a nightmare ! closing down quickly and physical as fuck 
tottenham play the worst football in the league , i'm nearly asleep .
has to be better tottenham 
pardew has his critics but when newcastle turn up they can be a handful for any team just when they are not they can be bloody awful !
great start for newcastle ! 😃👍 
hate to be negative but that was awful . newcastle bossing the game . .
how are newcastle winning this ?!
ht spurs 0 newcastle 1 remey 
seen newcastle a few time this season and they really aren't a bad side . decent blend in there and still players to back in . top 8 team
ameobi is a real weak link in that newcastle team . they're trying to break and it ends up with him , and then the chance is gone .
to be fair newcastle could have been 3-0 up . just waiting for a late penalty in the 2nd half .
and its ht . newcastle 1-0 spurs . hope this score will same until ft . 
good half newcastle
halftime . newcastle 1-0 spurs . excellent :d
ht : tottenham hotspurs 0 - 1 newcastle united . i still have hope its only 1 goal down . just trust . 
" when newcastle are in the mood they can beat anyone , they're in the mood today and they lead at the lane " 
ht . at white hart lane spurs 0 vs newcastle 1
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy’s 7th goal of the season separates the sides after 45 minutes . can the hosts pull it back ? 
still not a fan of newcastle tho
half time : spurs 0-1 newcastle . . 
what are tottenham doing ???
the build-up play from newcastle has been a joy to watch at times . intricate , tidy , attacking passing football 
tinkering tottenham paying the price for the champo manager splurge by avb . settled side ? 
tottenham fans are shit
at the break !!........... newcastle leads an unknown club from london by a well taken goal from remy's stable
worst performance from tottenham in a while lack of tempo crowd dead and quiet not looking good
playing really well , hope we don't do a classic newcastle and just have one good half ! 
1-0 to us so far lets go newcastle :d 
half time : spurs 0-1 newcastle
descanso !! tottehnam 0-1 newcastle united ( remy) . 
would be massive if newcastle could hold on here after beating chelsea last week as well !
 ht 0-1 newcastle remy 13
well deserving for newcastle
time for some spurs v newcastle i think
come on newcastle ! fuck the spurs !
 tottenham 0 - 1 nufc . 
spurs have been lame , tame and insipid this first half . newcastle looked good on the ball and nullified the threat of townsend especially .
newcastle are winning wooooooooo
tottenham arr being bullied . they're looking like the old arsenal right now .
half time : spurs 0-1 newcastle
su-perb newcastle . superb . 
is it not one-all at newcastle ? see , you are shite sp*rs . this tweet is admittedly premature . ht . 1-0 .
tottenham are one of those teams with so many good players but they're just incapable of playing amazingly for a full 90 minutes
i must say it is a splendid day to play away at tottenham
tottenham are a fucking embarrassment at the moment
loic remy with newcastle united's goal .
newcastle are actually good !
nothing makes me happier than when tottenham are losing :)
townsend and siggy both gone missing , dembele having a mare , shame we can only make 3 subs . easy for newcastle as it's far too pedestrian !!!
chiriches still receiving treatment at the end of 45 '. tim krul the star for newcastle , made a couple of stunning saves 
it's good to see newcastle united finally clicking , but ameobi ? really ?
tottenham need to sort it out ! this football is a joke !
so far its been an entertaining 1st half with being the better team . they lead 1-0 at white hart lane 
newcastle 1-0 up at the break . spurs yet to really get going
i love the abuse tottenham fans get for conveying their opinions/trolls .
newcastle looking very impressive , seem to have spurs in their pockets
newcastle are starting to look dangerously decent by their normal maverick standards .
spurs vs newcastle , great first half and remy what a player he is turning out for newcastle .
krul with 2 good saves to deny spurs ht : spurs 0-1 newcastle
c'mon newcastle , more of that in the next half please ! from , all city fans .
typical tottenham this season . slow build up , creates a couple good chances but no goals . cant believe weve conceded tho
remy has change the look of newcastle lately , better than our cuurent all strikers
perfect result so far vs 
newcastle lead 1-0 . played well . ripple of boos from spurs fans but generally been v supportive . avb can't blame them this time
what a shit half from tottenham hopefully they sort it out second half
beat chelsea last week .. beating tottenham this week . crazy ! 
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy’s 7th goal of the season gives the toon army the lead at the break .
avb looks slightly furious ... must love the avb game faces :p 
on the phone to sky tv . i think the signal is shit , tottenham seem to be playing in slow motion .. 
i doubt there are many teams better at giving the ball away in promising positions than newcastle . 1 up though . 
must be frustrating being a newcastle fan you just never know what kind of performance you are going to get from one game to the next
wish tottenham game had ice hockey rules get sandro on and have a fight with tiote we'll see who's hard then !
well that was a dull affair vs 
newcastle is leading ... yeah ...
ht : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle united ( remy ' 13 ) 
extremely poor . step it up and sort it out tottenham 
tottenham play boring football !
good solid half from newcastle , but tottenham have got to be better than that . they were sloppy , especially in their own half . 
keep it up newcastle
struggled badly when they got to the final third that half tottenham . it wasn't ' patient build up ' either , just no idea 
good service in newcastle . a proud day today , appreciate everyone who came and showed support . 
newcastle on fire ah . libas totenham !
superb fron newcastle .
c'mon newcastle… you can beat spurs .
please newcastle , hold this lead
prem : tottenham 0-1 newcastle . remy ' 13 . spurs poor in the first half . 
half time : spurs 0-1 newcastle . job halfway done
newcastle are playing dirrrrrrty
today tottenham 0-1 newcastle(ht ) sunderland v man city( 5:05 pm ) kickoff : ( 7:10 pm ) man utd v arsenal swansea v stoke
what's happened to newcastle . we're absolutely class . i'm buzzing .
come on tottenham
how are we letting newcastle playing some decent football , there walking through us !
ht @ white hart lane , newcastle lead thanks to remy and spurs , so far , haven't done enough to score , especially with krul in top form
ht spurs 0 newcastle 1 we need another goal
good half newcastle ! keep going !!
awful again tottenham . just awful . centre back chiriches our biggest attacking threat . no ideas , no passing , no movement . what is going on ?
tottenham need to fucking pull their finger out their arses and make something happen . always frustrating being a spurs fan . arghh !! 
just got up and newcastle beating spurs 1-0 . brilliant !!
newcastle are looking bloody brilliant today . remy and krul in the hat for man of the match so far ! 
half time 1-0 newcastle . ⚽️ 
noes the time to back tottenham £10 @ 3.60
tottenham have good players , they just don't have a tactic , never finishing top 4 at this rate
half time : tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle
good first half between tottenham and newcastle , the toon have done well and deserved the half time lead at the lane 
good job newcastle ! ^ ^
half time spurs 0-1 newcastle 
half time newcastle 1-0 totenham hotspur
not all doom and gloom at newcastle . beat chelsea , now winning at spurs away .
come on newcastle !!! keep it up !! brilliant start !! v 
newcastle trending worldwide . yas .
newcastle lead at half time . disappointing , but did force some saves from krul . just need more urgency ! coys !
that debuchy song that newcastle sing would defo work with ikeme
not often i cheer on newcastle but grab another in the second half and do us a favour
all over them , 65% possession and 1-0 down , it's the same old spurs , getting so sick of this , newcastle are supposed to be shit ! 
 tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle /
ht 0-1 alan pardew's squad looking pretty confident ..!
tottenham are to predictable , haven't created any clear cut chances , boring as fuck
why the fuck are spurs playing one up front at home against a piss poor disjointed yo-yo newcastle side with kinnear and pardew in charge ?
it's half-time . tottenham 0-1 newcastle . the magpies 45 minutes away from another big 3 points .
ht 1-0 newcastle . very good first half from us .
bien newcastle !
half time at whl newcastle the much better team spurs wasteful & nervous lucky not be down by more 
halftime spurs 0 - 1 newcastle * remy
newcastle look solid in defence today .
not much wrong with this newcastle side today .
oan yersel newcastle i hate spurs
very impressed with that first half newcastle
i miss gung-ho tottenham , please come back someday ..
i love watching tottenham lose a bit too much
ht : spurs 0-1 newcastle(remy ) , so far so good
if newcastle win .... then i'll need sunderland , swansea and arsenal v manchester united draw for 1.9 k ;)
watching tottenham is frustrating coys !!
see the tottenham crowd are in full voice today ahaha 
newcastle lead 1-0 against tottenham at the lane as the ref blows for ht .
good half newcastle just win the game now 
newcastle good value for their ht lead 
why are the fans booing tottenham ? if they win don't they go second
descanso en white hat lane ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle . gol de remy que se pone ya con 7 goles , impresionante ! 
tottenham is not the kind of team for soldado ...
ht spurs 0-1 newcastle , great half ! 
bloody hell what's happening at newcastle , has ap decided he can manage after all . we'll judge by how we start after ht . 
amoebi has been awful ; newcastle managing to get the lead in spite of him . 
literally getting in the car when i get a text saying the match is off could of gone tottenham man pisstake
still surprised newcastle or any other club didn't buy remy . looked class for qpr last season 
descanso en white hart lane , tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle . 
the only thing i'm understanding from this match is the fact newcastle is winning ...
 hotspurs : ht spurs 0-1 newcastle .
#3firsthalfobservations newcastle > grafting paulinho > shit dembele > shitter
ht spurs 0-1 newcastle | goal : remy | assist : gouffran 11
come on you newcastle ! * karbitbentar
tottenham hotspur being made look like an average side today by newcastle . no creativity and tempo to the play at all . .
tons of near misses . needing 2-goals for 3pts . where have seen this tottenham before ? yikes . 
ht : 0-1 newcastle . not bad but not great either , we've tested the away ' keeper a few times , but we still lack fluidity . 
one of the best first halfs i've ever watched as a newcastle fan . 
the table is begining to show itself 
if remy could get his head around the offside rule , newcastle would be out of sight by now . i'll take 0-1 at the half though .
could almost script this game . either defoe will come on and score for the draw or tottenham will get a penalty late on . 
always like to see newcastle doing well . but then i remember , mike ashley .
stan collymore just said tottenham should take a leave out of arsenal's book 
it's just like watching 
spurs won't win . we don't score more than 1 in a premier league game and newcastle already have their goal
spurs vs newcastle is boring . time to watch lorenzo kick marquez's ass in .
tottenham need to wake up ! always letting my bets down !
come on newcastle !!!
half time newcastle lead by 1
woke up in a great mood and just checked the newcastle match and now i am even happier ! 
ht : spurs 0 newcastle 1 .. goal by loic remy
just got in to see spurs 0-1 newcastle ht . i don't see how they can have those players and be severely lacking goals ...
half time ! newcastle lead by 1 goal against tottenham ..
fucking fell asleep , to wake up and find that i missed 44 mins of the spurs vs newcastle game :( but remyyyyyyyyy 1-0
i'm loving what newcastle are doing this season
newcastle need at least 2 more to win . penalties and late goals have become the norm with spurs .
remarkable recent newcastle turnaround from collapse vs everton several weeks ago . credit to pardew . 
tottenham are without a shadow of doubt the most boring team to watch in england .
what a rubbish 45 from slop spurs though newcastle keeper has made 3 great saves , maybe thats part of the rubbish
ht : tottenham 0-1 newcastle . remy with the goal , took it round friedel and put it into the empty net . deserved lead as well . 
for all the money they've spent , tottenham are poor .
newcastle need to hold this result , which will make it better for to climb the table with a win today ♥
come on newcastle
if newcastle win i will be so happy
tottenham are putting me to sleep
outplayed tottenham first half . keep it going boys ! kill em off . 0 1
how are newcastle in the mood .. they did not even get out of first gear ... we were truly awful .. cannot defend avb or players ..
newcastle united is doing a lot of favour for us in recent weeks ! haha , keep it up . 
newcastle wanna fuck up tottenham too ?
at newcastle airport with my first beer , let the holidays commence
first half analysis - newcastle were on top form ! 
tottenham cant seem to score if our their life depended on it 
so far so good . hopefully newcastle can keep this going and do us a bit of a favour . 
newcastle winning wtf
watching tottenham is painfully boring
tottenham need a goal before the 60 minute mark .
well the great avb is being out done by alan pardew . for fuck sake attack them . newcastle deserved that lead . with there good tempo with we
tottenham are very average
it's the tottenham way ; why anyone thinks it would be any different is beyond me
indicative of spurs season . newcastle caught offside several times . spurs not once . not making runs to the goal .
so i stick on a sky and see newcastle beating tottenham at home 
dont know whether this is newcastle or brazil ! brilliant first half display , hope we keep it up second half ! 
paulinho hasn't performed for tottenham so far his been shit
great first half from newcastle , fully deserve the half time lead . finally shown some real passion and urgency from the first whistle .
ray winston you mug 11/2 sodaldo next goal scorer so not cool 😴😴😴 
newcastle playing well ? not really , not that they have to
wake up to see spurs losing 1-0 to newcastle
this is not the tottenham i used to know . dembele sluggishh needs to come off for the beast . lamela and defoe on .
cummon newcastle please win !!!!!! and sunderland do us a fav and i'll be very happy
half-time at white hart lane . newcastle 1 tottenham 0 .
with all these french players newcastle ikipatana na lyon inakuwa derby ..
spurs defence looks out of sorts everytime newcastle r in the final third ..
i reckon avb will try to play two wingers on opposite sides cutting in in the second half . take newcastle by surprise . 
can someone please tell townsend that he is allowed to take it past the newcastle lb . cheers 
newcastle newcastle newcastle
few efforts from spurs but other than that there been pretty poor newcastle deserve the lead
newcastle united looking to play through our high defensive line and with dawson slow in pace i expect a . v-b to tweak that .
if remy doesnt permanently join newcastle then he's mentally ill
newcastle hold a well earned lead at half-time in the midday kick-off . spurs trailing 0-1 at home . spurs 5/2 newcastle 11/10 draw 11/5
newcastle could win this game 6-0 and the media would just talk about spurs .
since the start of last season , french players have scored more goals for newcastle ( 31 ) than they have for paris st. germain ( 26) . madness .
 none of newcastle's goal in 2013 have been scored by an englishman .. if u didnt know 
very impressed with newcastle first half . they should probably get pardew to sign a longer term contract so they don't lose him ...
when newcastle are in the mood they can beat anybody when we are in the mood we can lose to anybody ... awful 1st half need a better 2nd 
good value , are newcastle united , for their lead .
take nothing away from newcastle though . they've been good .
half time score : tottenham 0-1 newcastle . 
tottenham 0-1 newcastle love that . ht
newcastle 1 goal up ... interestin ' baba god put my enemies to shame pls . 
great first half from the toon . 7 in 7 for loic remy and we lead away against tottenham . hold on geordies !!. 
don't want to go back to newcastle at all :(
i just hope newcastle can convince cabaye to stay until the summer at least . if any high finish is on offer he needs to be here 
ht : spurs 0-1 n'castle loic remy scores his 7th epl goal of the season to put newcastle ahead .
wonder how tottenham will respond to the second half ? however they do i hope newcastle can hold on to their lead and win the game ! 
half-time betting : 13/5 tottenham ( 0) , 11/5 draw , 11/10 newcastle ( 1) . 
new pb today at heaton harriers memorial 10k in newcastle . 46.51 . training paying off . 
newcastle united have won six away games at in the barclays premier league , they have only won more at villa park ( 8 ) 
if tottenham and arsenal lost , that would make my day
even if we beat newcastle 4-1 , and newcastle had two players send off ! ppl would still moan !. 
newcastle are beating spurs !? at white hart lane !? wow !
loool wait tottenham are losing 😂
so newcastle lead 0-1 at ht .
go on newcastle !
all tottenham's 5 league games on sky this season , have been under 2.5 goals . 23 yellow cards & 1 red shown in last 4 , cards will come .
lack ideas , some poor performances on the pitch . newcastle deserve to be 1up
come on newcastle hold it down
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy’s 7th goal of the season separates the sides after 45 minutes . come on newcastle ! "
how does it feel to be tottenham how does it fell to be smallllll you sold gareth bale we signed mesut ozilll mesut ozilllllllllllll 😂😂😂😉
newcastle shouldn't dream , they won't beat spurs in their home
newcastle have got one of the slowest right backs in the prem so avb plays sigurdsson instead of lennon or lamela ... wtf !
soldado is 11/2 to score next . the better bet would be professor stephen hawking at 4/1 . 
what newcastle can do to trouble the spurs back 4 even more is bring on ben arfa . more through balls , more chances .
 update : half time 0 - 1 
being a tottenham fan is getting harder every week 
newcastle dressed like brazil and playing like brazil ( sort of ) 
why are tottenham so shit ? we play the worst football in the premier league & avb still can't get out team right kmt were getting relegated
where has my tottenham gone ? please come back soon 
tottenham are just , terrible
spurs better beat newcastle !
we are awful today , any team that can make newcastle look good has to be . 
what are the chances of tottenham and mancity losing and man u winning ??
really don't see how soldado is worth £26m . i would argue half that is too much . yet the media's love of tottenham spares him criticism
newcastle have spurs all over , keep it up newcastle 
spurs are far too predictable , ht : spurs 0-1 newcastle . ( remy )
dear we are tottenham , at home we play 4-4-2 with wingers and crosses into the box . you win matches by scoring goals . yours disgruntled
ht at white hart lane , ahead wit a lone goal 
evies trying to make me a newcastle fan ... like what even is football hahaha 
tottenham tho
newcastle's remy has scored the 7th goal of the season
fair play to newcastle , you can't fault them at all , spurs are shite mind but credit where credits due
hope newcastle hold on .
following in the e.p.l they are playing well away from home against faves tottenham making spurs looking like a team lacking life
good game newcastle and tottenham .. but how out of place is ameobi 
tottenham are great until they reach the box ... then they spasm and can't kick a ball .
half time , toiletham hotspur 0 newcastle 1
ht at white hart lane , and it's tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle , remy with the goal . can spurs bounce back ? 
hope newcastle smash spurs
the good newcastle turned up first half ... hope we keep it gan !
being a newcastle fan must be the most frustratin thing ever , 1 game class 1 game shite 
that was an excellent first half for newcastle . remy puts then in the front . it's 0-1 at whl .
it's most likely spurs will want to throw everything at newcastle in the 2nd half and can be caught out on the counter
if newcastle play cisse alongside remy instead of ameobi , they'd probably bagged a couple more goals by now
tottenham need to sort them self out second half😡⚽️
really impressed with newcastle , i must say . moving the ball beautifully . wouldn't be so easy if sandro was playing , mind 
so many players need subbing . dembele and paulinho just going through the motions and getting bossed by newcastle .
hold on newcastle
hate the mancs , almost on par with tottenham for me .. and we fucking owe them one today !
mean while in rongai ,, spurs 0 newcastle 1
sick of watching tottenham on the tele , they are so boring .
tottenham hotspur v newcastle united : live : follow minute-by-minute commentary of the premier league game between tottenham hotspur a ...
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy's 7th goal of the season separates the sides after 45 minutes . can the hosts pull it back ? 
deaths in the philippines believed to reach 10 , 000 , and yet selena gomez and newcastle trend and it doesn't? i don't know . 
lucky yids ... should ha e been 3-0 at half time 
tottenham is losing ? good news . better news to come at the end of today .
newcastle are a better london team than spurs ......................................... that's how peak it is for them .
ht : tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( loic remy ' 13 ) 
tottenham are shit
decent half from newcastle . have the beating of spurs back line if th can fucking stay onside .
wow .... newcastle ? hmmmmmm
come on tottenham we are 1-0 down but i know we can bring it back this half , come on !!! 
youd think in newcastle id get decent signal , nope
the spurs , newcastle game is a game to watch
we look disjointed & half asleep , newcastle fully deserve to be in the lead . lets hope the 2nd half is better .
well done ! great 1st half performance ... press high .. good energy ... need to keep it up ! 
spurs vs newcastle es bien .
omg tottenham is playing badly .. need some creativity man !
tottenham fans impeccibly observing 45 minutes rememberance of gareth bale . what they would do to have him on the pitch right now ...
newcastle look a frightening team when playing with a genuine target man like ameobi upfront . allows remy to sneak into the box unnoticed .
" and its newcastle who lead at the break ", said the glum , dispirited , subdued , desolate southern cunt of a commentator
newcastle united looking and playing like brazil !! 
ht at white hart lane . newcastle value for 1-0 lead . remy sharp all half . spurs sluggish but did force krul into 2 world class saves 
barclays premier league - ht score : tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united .
worst half of football i've ever seen tottenham play
disappointing first half from spurs need more grit . newcastle are dirty bastards
get in newcastle , please win this .
tottenham can barely score 1 goal usually a penalty , so how are they gonna score 2 without conceding any . not possible .
newcastle to win the league ????
i've always said friedel is wank and it's showing ! the back 4 clearly have no confidence in him n it's letting newcastle control this game !
newcastle
come on newcastle could be a great weekend of results , man utd v arsenal draw please .
got tottenham on 2 out of 3 coupons for today😔
 worst play by tottenham .. great counter by newcastle
i've just woke up , how long left of the spurs v newcastle game ?
tottenham are nothing without bale
tottenham are so boring to watch ! like barcelona and spain with crap players and no goals ! 
just finished and saw that sp*rs are losing to newcastle ... lol 
fuck newcastle .
come on newcastle just hold on !
g'orn newcastle
 totenham 0-1 newcastle but de remy sur une passe de gouffran 
half time at the lane . krul has kept newcastle in this , but please . bring on defoe . 
so far not a bad early birthday present ! spurs are losing at home to newcastle !
just got in . hold on newcastle ! spurs been rubbish again ? no surprise .
tiote is captaining newcastle today ? what a joke !
hahahaha yes newcastle . 
spurs are awful to watch , newcastle have pressed them very well
second half is gna get dangerous ! 
ht spuds 0-1 newcastle come on magpies ;) dc
poor attacking ass allways , but now we have added sloppy defending too . start playing football spurs . you are boring ! 
if somehow newcastle , sunderland and arsenal all win today , i will actually run around campus headbuttin people
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy’s 7th goal of the season separates the sides after 45 minutes . can d hosts pull it back ? 
newcastle better win this
come on newcastle ! same again second half
if newcastle don't sign remy i'm going to kick off , obviously he's settled in well we've got money . splash out on him
update tottenham 0-1 newcastle united ( half time ) mr. ©
its the end of first 45min and newcastle still leading with a goal 4rm remy
bale can play on loan in a week for one match for tottenham to help them !! haha .
newcastle one goal up at spuds land 
newcastle have been superb so far .
ht : tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle utd
how good was newcastle's goal # come on spurs
tottenham court road 
well miss the first half but newcastle up by a goal
spurs currently 1-0 down to an impressive newcastle side 
ht goal ! 0-1 remy ( newcastle ) vs tottenham .
with newcastle playing 2 up top , what chance us going 3-5-2 ? avoids the current 2v2 at the back , extra man in mf and partner for soldado .
fair half time result .. performance's much better than tottenham , let's hope it continues
how are spurs losing 1-0 to newcastle at half time !!
as i said , cannot see spurs not scoring today . think newcastle need another & i think they can get another .
newcastle deserve this . spurs need take off the handbreak n have a fucking go
here we go jamie carragher and jamie redknapps time to bitch about tottenham
tottenham so boring to watch . townsend too predictable . yaaaaaawn !!!
go on newcastle
this match should suit us , newcastle haven't parked the bus , they've come to play , and their doing it very well ! chasing & closing down !
half time score : spurs 0 - newcastle 1 . gol oleh loic remy , menit 13 . howay the lads !
newcastle good value for their lead .
for anyone saying tottenham are shit , can i just remind you we as chelsea fans are in no position to talk when we lost to newcastle too !!
mash'allah newcastle are winning against the yids ! come on ! howay the lads ! as much as i dislike newcastle i'll support them today haha
good first half from newcastle 
half time newcastle in the lead
good start newcastle but still a long way to go .
spurs have caught newcastle offside a few times that half , it's definitely not by plan though , they're taking serious risks 👀
tottenham need to up their game fs😒
newcastle played pretty decent that half ! hope they can hold out for the win !!
yes newcastle .
newcastle are playing so much better than us at the moment .
tottenham hotspur 1-0 newcastle united @ half " newcastle leads at white hart lane at the half ." i like the sound of that  
half-time : tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( loic remy) .
none of the 33 premier league goals newcastle have scored in 2013 have been by an englishman . 
didn't they say newcastle have conceded 11 more goals than us and we can't score against them
tottenham are actually boring . whl is too quiet and newcastle's kit is the shut version of ours . 
newcastle should be more than 1-0 up !
spurs look nervous today , only one who you can see creating anything for them is eriksen on the other hand newcastle look tactically better .
newcastle really been helping arsenal out recently . draw with liverpool , beat chelsea and now beating tottenham 
tottenham fans are absolutely minging
if we play like this against newcastle how are we gonna play against united & city😂
go newcastle
good job newcastle 👍
dunno who i hate more , man u or tottenham .. both fucking scum
this current side makes me want to dig out my ossie ardiles and harry redknapp rose tinted glasses 
go on newcastle !
1pm & what am i doing ?! still in bed , watching spurs vs newcastle and not even started a days work ! it's gonna be one of those days 😴 
newcastle are this season's up and coming underdogs
why are arsenal fans talking . the outcome of today's game don't affect too much since chelsea drew today and tottenham are losing .
newcastle united playing well on the counter and with tempo , which is something spurs aren't playing with : tempo .
half-time : tottenham 0-1 newcastle ( remy 13) . much to ponder for the hosts as confident visitors go in good value for their lead .
i trust my team newcastle .
none of the 33 premier league goals newcastle have scored in 2013 have been by an englishman - things like this really piss me off😞
hey tottenham hotspurs , don't you miss bale ? hahahaha .
both proven in the premier league . the only thing is that newcastle would extort us for them .
yes newcastle😂😱🙌
i'm cool supporting newcastle and sunderland for an afternoon , but united hell to the fuck no !!!
come on newcastle keep this up
and against a team as shit as newcastle as well . at home . fucking disgrace . look at pool and arse this season . kicked on . not us .
we've gotta turn it around in the second half . we can't be losing to relegation battle teams like newcastle
newcastle win would be good
 half-time : spurs 0-1 newcastle
only premier league club i hate more than tottenham is united . ?
newcastle is my second fav team in the epl bruh
2 1 newcastle on nufc
if i was tottenham i would of invested in younger players who are all 17/18 and get them into the first team
newcastle don't want to come out slacking in the second half just because they are winning at half time
come on newcastle
newcastle playing with a deep back line ... looks like we've been found out yet again .
tottenham need to get the finger oot
spurs always dodgy against newcastle . why can't we score .
newcastle have done their homework it seems . looking to get ball off us in the middle/final 3rd and hit on the break very quickly
ht : newcastle 1-0 spu*s ! no penalty , no spu*s ! hahaha
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy’s 7th goal of the season separates the sides after 45 minutes . can the hosts pull it back ? "
tottenham v newcastle disallowed goal-spurs use a high line to catch newcastle off-guard . cabaye passes to ameobi , who rounds friedel score .
yes newcastle ... love you at the moment , beat chelsea and now beating spurs ! only bad thing is you drew with us aha ! 👍⚽️
boring boring tottenham . so fucking predictable . every player takes around 10 touches before passing .
goowaaan newcastle
defoe gets in to the tottenham history books for scoring goals and avb plays soldado who is is crap ans cannot score . what a manager
newcastle deservedly ahead . spurs need to up the tempo . not the best 1/2 i've ever seen . 
newcastle playing brilliant against tottenham , winning 1-0 at half time .
bring back aspects of the old exciting tottenham to attack and keep the defence sturdy , townsend on the left to open it up a bit
omg yes newcastle
used to feel so blessed as a tottenham fan with the exciting football we play ! now it's so slow it's pretty much anti-football ! 
spurs vs newcastle
tottenham are such a frustrating team to watch argh😩😤🔫
half time . totthenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united
newcastle took 4 of their 5 shots inside the box , tottenham took just 3 of their 10 shots from inside the box .
go on newcastle lool
tottenham must have one of the worst sets of fans in the prem/europe . 
tottenham looking below average today
ht : roic remy 1-0 gareth bale fc !! tottenham without bale is like cell phone without service . a cell phone without service is to play game
a great finish from remy & two top saves from krul give newcastle the advantage at white hart lane 
tottenham 0 1 newcastle remy !!! ht
how does it feel to be tottenham , how does it feel to be small , you sold bale , we signed mesut ozil , mesut ozil , mesut ozil ! 
epl - ht : spurs 0-1 ( loic remy 13 ) newcastle
 isn't hard to beat at home . aston villa proved it , might just compound this as well . time will tell .
tottenham hotspur 0 newcastle united 1 half time
tottenham are such an overrated team , newcastle and the losing 3-0 at home to west ham . soldado has 1 goal from open play in league
great that newcastle has taken the lead
newcastle haven't had to even step out of gear . if avb had balls he'd put sandro , lamela and lennon on for dembele , sigs & townsend .
need to up the tempo . so slow when we have the ball and letting newcastle have so much time and space when we haven't got the ball 
newcastle playing some extraordinary soccer ball here
best thing about havin 4g is that my internet works when im at tottenham now . means i ain't gotta watch this pile of shit .
spurs not playing particularly well . credit to newcastle who have kept the likes of townsend very quiet . ht 0-1 ( remy )
that was poor , avb shape up you cunt , tottenham have played shit , have we even woke up 
tottenham should attack more on the left as well as the right bozza
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane . loool
ruud gullit on al jazeera - surprised remy went to newcastle , he could of went to a better club .
newcastle to get hammered second half ? surely we can't beat chelsea and tottenham . can we ?
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy’s 7th goal of the season separates the sides after 45 minutes . 
absolutely no chance of seeing remy in hoops again ! only came to us to be put in shop window , which he's done very well at newcastle .
remy ney ish , haih , urmmm spurs 0-1 newcastle
 oh harry where are you this tottenham coach's tactics are so negative !!!!
superb first half from brazil there .. sorry newcastle
half time at the lane . avb's got a tough team talk to give . newcastle are comfortable - especially with krul between the sticks 
we are so predictable . at no time has one of our midfield run in beyond soldado . far too easy for newcastle to defend .
newcastle are fucking smashing it
tottenham hotspur - driving fans to drink since 1882 ...... 
c'mon newcastle !
cabaye and remy pulling the strings for newcastle
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy’s 7th goal of the season separates the sides after 45 minutes . 
newcastle have played some good football though .
don't understand why tottenham don't play defoe up front with soldado . such a good goalscorer
newcastle look class today
much like the demba ba & papiss cisse partnership that was so effective for newcastle .
come on newcastle !!! caught the game late but great goal by remy .
that was 45 mins of my life i won't get back . buck up tottenham
guna bet on tottenham to win more often if this is what happens :) 
newcastle about to make me happy for the second weekend in a row ! come on you geordies ! 
 seem to be coming back in form . 
newcastle can challenge for title if cisse gets his powers back
tottenham played better b4 the £100m+ spend . avb is on a ticking bomb . he probably needs to get off his high horse & bring adebayor back .
dominate everton first half , get ripped apart by newcastle first half
pathetic , both from the players and the tottenham fans . need to turn the game around 
hate to say this but thanks to newcastle for getting a goal now against tottenham
newcastle and utd to win and it will have been a very good weekend for 
massive day of football at the club today ! spurs v newcastle under way then sunderland v city at 2.05 pm then the big one !! united vs arsenal
tottenham losing . c'mon newcastle !
tottenham are so boring to watch . they play the deadest football
what were newcastle thinking with this away kit .
question : how many dodgy free kicks is the ref going to award ? answer : as many as it takes . 
hold on tight and finish this game newcastle . chickens aren't worthy enough for 3 points .
where did newcastle get this kind of form they are in from ? football i tell u
credit where credit is due , pardew is doing a great job at newcastle this season with all the backroom shenanigans going on .
also helps that newcastle have one of those goalkeepers who can pull off amazing saves .
come on newcastle ! want spurs , man city and arsenal to lose today ! 
" how does it feel it to be small ? how does it feel to be tottenham ? you sold bale , we signed mesut ozil " 🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶
impressed by newcastle in that half . they really do have some quality in the middle and up front .
really , really not impressed with tottenham . zero width and soldado needs to stay high ... spurs pissing me off now !
come on newcastle !
come on newcastle !!!
that is why we won't get champions league were getting dicked on by newcastle
just finished football training to find sp*rs 1-0 down to newcastle ... 
newcastle are passing the ball well today !
loic remy reminds me of henry . newcastle doing well so far . spurs lack the finishing touch
come on newcastle hang on lads !
go on newcastle keep it up
come on newcastle 
in the last 8 years , tottenham have won more trophies than arsenal . just for the record so that we don't tweet ignorance here 
newcastle " city " fc must be playing again , because my timeline is full of tweets when they mean 
its not like tottenham are playing shit ... we've created so many chances 
not much to say about the first half , very very poor tottenham
hold on newcastle , you can do it !
come on newcastle
totally lacklustre performance . by v in first half . tottenham , you need a decent strike force . let's see what happens next .
epl ( tonight ) tottenham vs newcastle ( 8pm , live astro 810 ) sunderland vs man . city ( 10pm , live astro 812 ) swansea vs stoke city ( no live )
so fucked me and my brother used to fight proper fists over simple football . i would fight anyone after tottenham lose to arsenal bmt .
tottenham have a lot of good players . but they aren't much of a team imo .
common newcastle you beauty's
newcastle 1-0 good half of football that
half time at white hart lane , its tottenham 0 newcastle 1 . newcastle have looked solid and compact so far 
i hope newcastle can hold on to their lead , better still score one or two more ..
come on newcastle united game on
why are tottenham on the tv , it's not thursday night ?
we all played shit today and so are tottenham ..
tottenham are actually boring . whl is too quiet and newcastle's kit is the shit version of ours . 
losing to newcastle at home we are shit .
a wudda have da had spurs backed ffs !!! looked and looked at newcastle to , 5/1 they were lol !!!! 
hope newcastle win , can't stand tottenham !
if you tell andros townsend to start passing and crossing instead of shooting every 20 seconds , then tottenham may score more . 
ht tottenham 0-1 newcastle possesion : 64.6 % - 35.4 % attempts : 10 - 5 shots : 10(4 on target ) - 5(3 on target ) 
newcastle were 5/1 to win this morning , have a little guess what i did .
if newcastle beat the yids and arsenal beat manu that will make my day !!!
so far so good for my wish list !! newcastle win , sunderland win , arsenal draw .. 👌
newcastle to keep a clean sheet for the next 45 at 2/1 . what we thinkin ?
ht : spurs 0 - 1 newcastle , well ! come on spurs  
newcastle : only win games when its important for the other team to win
same ol ' situation , newcastle can now sit back most of the second half and skin us on the break , this won't get any better 
vexed newcastle are winning
even fight young spray after a tottenham loss to arsenal the passion is real .
newcastle winning !
poor first half display from tottenham , lacking a finishing touch as always , if they had that touch , they could be top of the league
so i see newcastle scored ??!!!! lol 
loic remy 1-0 tottenham
newcastle played really well . i think it's slipping out ttfc's hand .
newcastle's gameplan plays to spurs weaknesses , avb needs to change tactics not necessarily personnel as newcastle have this in the bag atm
come on newcastle !
newcastle ... i think i trust those guys .. sunderland can still keep their home record against man . city .. 
newcastle lead 1-0 at half time . decent defending . but white hart lane ain't easy
if newcastle win we jump to 6th ? nice
the better team were clearly newcastle . spurs are poor in attacking .
krul has been solid this far for ... where is anyway ? 
tottenham can't escape newcastle thrashing
lioc remy scored 47% of newcastle's goals this season more than any other player in the .. what a striker !!
would lay newcastle if i were still a betfair man
hold on for second half pls newcastle 
hopefully tottenham will lose . they will drop points .
barclays premier league | like y sob | ht tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united goal : 13 ' [ 0 - 1 ] loic remy
lloris is so important to tottenham
scum are losing to newcastle at white shit lane for the first time since march 2008 .
tottenham are currently being the worst hangover cure ever
newcastle played really well . i think it's slipping out of ttfc's hand .
tottenham 5/2 . tempting ...
mike ashley has taken the piss at newcastle but having a brazilian away kit takes the fucking biscuit !!
half time tottenham - newcastle : 0 - 1
wonder if newcastle will get the praise they deserve from the sky sports pundits . 
so i get home and it's 1-0 newcastle 😐
ha come on newcastle . spurs are a shell of their former selves without bale . spend all that money for pretty much nothing
newcastle are playing good football . one of the best plays i've seen recently .
well deserved lead from newcastle
newcastle are on form atm
arsenal . loic remy as scored for newcastle*love that .... tottenham is definitely going down
omg tottenham fans stop losing games for your team !!
such good pressing by newcastle look a good side
newcastle really doing very well in the first half at tottenham
tottenham vs krul , krul won !!
my world stops for 90 minutes whenever newcastle united play . howay the lads !
come on newcastle 1-0 remy 
better in the last 10-15 minutes but newcastle looking dangerous when they break , krul having a great game , 4 or 5 good stops 
can't imagine the noise at newcastle right now
newcastle game , sunderland game , arsenal game , barcelona game , denver game 
not sure if newcastle are looking good or spurs looking terrible today . interesting 2nd half 
newcastle leading at tottenham
newcastle need to hold this up for another half .. come onnnn !!!
we win today and arsenal beat man u .. that means we on the same points as manchester united ? perfect 😊 
your home fans are shit your home fans are shit tottenham hotspur your home fans are shit ! 
nw : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle
tottenham need lloris to play the high line
tottenham need to realise they can't play both dembele & paulinho
newcastle press , spurs dont , lily livered lily whites
just saw a replay of remy's goal . terrific press on tottenham's defenders and great pressure lead to a turnover . 5 seconds later , goal remy .
half time new castle vs tottenham - score 1-0 respectively
nothing is more frustrating than being a tottenham supporter
tottenham u can't do this to me .
where the hell do newcastle get off making their away kit brazil colours ?
cheers newcastle 
newcastle looking organized
tottenham losing ... brilliant .
newcastle have made such a turnaround since losing to sunderland
mousa dembele has fallen off a cliff this season - pretty sure he hasn't completed a pass in the newcastle half . next to useless .
the last season was red hot , this multi-million new spurs team is simply horrible . they lost their identity totally 
newcastle do actually look quite good this season ! still fancy norwich to grab their second away win of the season tho !
brazil vs tottenham
newcastle are getting so good all of a sudden 😧
it appears to be incredibly easy to set up against this tottenham side . they play such a high line but always give the ball away in midfield
dad enjoys football by himself but comes to life with us all watching together . he becomes a funny pundit especially with newcastle 1 up !
newcastle to win , city to win , arsenal to win 
no englishmen have scored for newcastle this season blah , blah , blah . however : paul dummett : place of birth newcastle upon tyne , england .
paulinho and chiriches are at fault for newcastle's goal
newcastle have played the ball in between our cb and fb 4/5 times due to their width , avb needs to take note !!
ok why is my dad in newcastle
why'd the spurs game kick off at 12 ? ridiculously unfair on the newcastle fans
ever since newcastle scored the spurs fans have just moaned and groaned with the odd ' oh when the spurs ' 
good goal by newcastle tbh
i reckon someone should come to newcastle n give me a back massage bcos i have a lot of knots in my back atm n they hurt
would newcastle win at spurs ? that will be a disaster ... but i must say i would be happy ... as one of top 4 contender gos down on a drain ynwa
fans have the right to boo this shit , we are tottenham , we play fast attacking football not slow bore you to tears football
tottenham are doing my bet over already 🙈
newcastle actually need to buy remy ! ⚽️
newcastle's away jersey is horrible ... are they tryin to be brazil ? :p but they're beating spurs so who cares !
oh dear , the spurs defending for that newcastle goal . newcastle pressed well , fair play .
yes newcastle go on !
coming to newcastle makes you such a big newcastle man 
keep this up newcastle !! :d
lol swear down tottenham are losing at home 😁
ht : spurs 0-1 newcastle . keep 
 looking at newcastle's away kit - are they the boys from the black stuff or the boys from brazil !
super sunday hat trick gonna be sick ! tottenham losing already :)
tottenham are tryna use defoe the same way we use hernandez
c'mon newcastle
newcastle been battering spurs tbh
final motogp race of the season or the second half of spurs v newcastle .... or ... both .
respect to the tottenham fans who have been silent for 45 minutes in honour of remembrance sunday .
tottenham are 100% not getting a top 4 finish
newcastle and tottenham players are wearing poppies on their jerseys which i know is for remberence , does anyone know whom or what it's for .
newcastle's kit looks class today
come on newcastle 
remy's class , could be the difference maker for newcastle this season
it's as though the newcastle players are running on batteries
spurs have been poor in the first half , newcastle have been impressive so far
not a bad performance so far by newcastle but still 45 minutes to play . if we play like we did in the first half we will win
remy is wasted at newcastle , easily could start for any of the big 4
know what depressing ? after we lose to newcastle , arsenal are gonna beat man utd . then we'll lose to city & united ( y )
tottenham v newcastle half time - tottenham 0-1 newcastle
good morning ! tottenham is losing ? lol
jamie redknapp on the newcastle goal : ' remy is key to it '.
that newcastle goal was so good
newcastle look really good . remy is turning into signing of the season .
halftime at white hart lane : 0 1 with a goal at 13 '. will the pull off another major upset ?
duh , newcastle pe high pressing .
on their day i rate newcastle 
of course newcastle would be on form when we play them . they beat chelsea last week , they're on a high . just spurs luck 
newcastle miles better team at mo
newcastle .. loic remy
still one nil in favour of newcastle as avb want want tottenham to turn things around .
that pressing from newcastle for their goal though ..
dave from newcastle ecstatic with 1st half . not cos they lead 1-0 but because ameobi started . only way its better , bring on the other one ! >
a)newcastle are winning !
newcastle played really well in the first half , deserve to be ahead
newcastle have shown in some games they can match or beat the best in the e.p.l last w/k & this w/k they have showed skill and talent 
tottenham have looked average all season ! money well spent ....
newcastle were 11-2 to win today ....
spurs too slow , losing possession in midfield , little creativity , newcastle pressing well . need a spark and some pace 
life's good today . finish season1 , haotian and chunzhen reconciled , got my visa card , spurs losing to newcastle currently
tottenham have no striker .. only penalty converters ..
this is the newcastle i've been waiting for !!
its newcastle not noocarsul
have to admit that newcastle plays better atm .
it's just like watching brazil .... well newcastle are wearing a similar kit anyway .
what a away support from newcastle today all the way from newcastle to london on a sunday lunch time , top fans !
newcastle lead by 1-0 before ht against tottenham 
only just seen that newcastle are playing in yellow , how odd !
go newcastle
 ht : tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united .
half-time betting : 13/5 tottenham ( 0) , 11/5 draw , 11/10 newcastle ( 1) . 
tottenham are proper shit it's embarrassing ...
well newcastle was so bloody fun ... missed the train of course 🎉💃🍷 
good going newcastle lets keep this up !! lets get , back to back victories ... against " supposedly " bigger clubs !!
newcastle are on it
woke up to find newcastle are beating spurs :)
come on newcastle !
don't you just love it when newcastle score :)
the better team's leading , to be honest . tottenham can do so much better . 
newcastle had a good half
to be honest , i think that the game could go on and end 2-1 to newcastle in the end after goals in the second half . 0-1 
tottenham look worrying bad so far . something has to change i fear
come on spurs . we've got the players , we're at home & newcastle are crap . let's attack !! #4 -1fulltime
0-1 at tottenham . north london is ..... yellow !
i wish sky would employ people who can pronounce the name of our team , newcastle not 
newcastle is winning !
hugo lloris is tottenham's best player . just seen remy's goal and that was predictable . avb loves that high line .
barclays premier league | half time 0 - 1 ( 13 ' remy ) 
come on tottenham , i love you but you're killing me here
howay newcastle see this game out 👌👍
yes jamie carragher , let's look at newcastle's goal from newcastle's point of view 
have confidence newcastle have 3 men against townsend 3 fucking 3
spurs have scored 23 goals in their last 24 home games against newcastle ?.. that's not impressive in the slightest
you're welcome again newcastle 
go orn newcastle
tottenham 0-1 newcastle "
come on newcastle !!
what's happened to the " too many french speaking players at newcastle " moaners ? obvs back in their holes ! 
i can't believe spurs man how can you spend all that cash and fail to score against newcastle 😂😂😂
a ) what the fuck would you know - you're an arsenal fan , not newcastle b ) what's with this ' next level ' bollocks you pretentious cockend ?
watching how newcastle defend from the front and the energy epitomises everything we r not - a real shame . 
tottenham are losing and i had to have a black tea 😁 worst break ever .
boring boring tottenham ... 
tottenham seems one of the toughest title challenger . with a new quality players . but mcm kelakar je beli player hebat , tp .
you can't do what paulinho done in the build up for the newcastle goal , it's not acceptable . i can only describe it as limp .
newcastle executing ' the attacking press ' perfectly for the goal 
still 1-0 to newcastle ?
if tottenham lose i'll be angry
spurs are 0-1 behind against newcastle . whl isn't the fort it was last year , tim krul had some great saves first half . andre in trouble .
so infuriated with tottenham
i'f tottenham lose and arsenal lose it'll be great ! don't see city losing but that would be a bonus :d
poor half from spurs ! newcastle deservedly lead !
woohoo !! go newcastle !
harry's last season , we finished 4th and we bought saha and nelsen but we beat newcastle at home 5-0 . liverpool 4-0 etc etc
hugo lloris has been the difference for this tottenham side this season . 
newcastle doing a great job on townsend . this is where he can prove he is class .
newcastle still odds against to win and to be honest they look good value at 6/5
still in bed cba to watch newcastle but i bet the game is poppin
i dont even support tottenham anymore . i support real madrid .
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . ( goal by : loic remy )
newcastle need to do there beat to hold on to remy . mike ashley needs to pull the finger out and sign him
wish remy wasn't doing so well at newcastle , if we get promoted we have to keep him 
newcastle cud'v ad two other goals but just offside !
avb messed up tottenham hotspurs smh
remy scored the the 1st goal for newcastle united
haha . spurs are losing . well done newcastle ! 
tottenham and stoke is the most boring teams in the league ! without any doubt ! 
newcastle are doing durt
this tottenham is awful .
tottenham fans .... where are ya !!!! 4yourehavingalaugh
newcastle doing the needful
yes newcastle !!!!
pretty poor from tottenham in that first half
yeah blame the keeper and not giving the ball back to newcastle about 3 times . 
but fair play to newcastle
half time : spurs 0-1 newcastle . remy's goal gives the toon the lead . 's great form continues !
a newcastle and arsenal victory would be sweet !
tottenham are on a negative spiral
come on tottenham better 2nd half !!!
newcastle win , sunderland win , arsenal win . this will bring me happiness today .
krio is newcastle's best player !
come on newcastle beating the spurs keep it up
remy is killing tottenham
tottenham vs newcastle until manchester united vs arsenal
jamie carragher is absolutely massacring the newcastle players ' names 
newcastle 1-0
newcastle are the thorn in my accumulator . everything else is a banker , but they are doing alright at the moment . questions is for how long ?
good going newcastle lets keep this up !! lets get , back to back victories ... against " supposedly " bigger clubs !! 
of course krul would have the best performance of his life the day i bet on newcastle to lose
tottenham will win with 2 penalties
descanso en white hart lane , gana el newcastle united por 0-1 ante el tottenham . manda el gol de remy , el nuevo henry 
game isn't over yet folks still another 45mins knowing newcastle they'll not turn up 2nd half
i am so proud of you all , fell of my seat when goal went in . we may be toon army , but we are great newcastle . again tim up & up away . go go go
this is a must win ! gotta get two early goals i dnt care if its newcastle nd the keepers having a worldy we must win at least 2goals !
hold on newcastle
goodbye newcastle and your poopy weather !!
un bon tottehnam - newcastle en attendant le big match de ce soir ... loic remy le new thiery henry
people saying nufc only in front because of krul . his job is to prevent goals conceded . it's working . newcastle deserve the lead . done
if newcastle win thats what tottenham get for always scoring pens
smh 4 tottenham !
pardew always looks a little surprised ( in the wrong way ) whenever newcastle score .
don't think we deserve to be losing . newcastle barely created anything . we could have had 3 were it not for krul . sandro , lennon & lamela .
pub grub and a few drinks this afternoon , newcastle win & sunderland upset would be perfect . 
although we all know spurs - newcastle is the big one today . the best team ever against the biggest club in the world .
add the runs from newcastle attack and the through balls from their midfield to our team and we'd have the perfect team . imagine it . 👀👊💦
ht :. tottenham 0-1 newcastle , we had a couple of clear cut chances but the firing power is absent .

townsend ruins tottenham , too direct for them when they dont play counter attack football . he's clueless with build up play
carragher referring to paulinho challenge in build-up to newcastle goal .... " oh jesus ". sums it up !!! 
comon newcastle
spurs are terrible to watch , hope newcastle hold on
toon toon black & white army ... love watching newcastle ! 😘😍
tottenham hotspur .................. i need x
just cba with newcastle being decent 
wake up tottenham !!!!!
newcastle are so much more threating then us wish we brought remy
tottenham are so boring to watch
tell me how it feels to be tottenham , tell me how it feels to be small ! you sold bale , we signed mesut ozil , mesut ozil , mesut ozil !
newcastle have been helping arsenal a lot in the last couple of weeks 
hopefully newcastle hang on to beat the tottenham scum !!
no idea how defoe sits on the bench every week when tottenham need goals , so underrated
risky single of tottenham to score before the 70th min . odds : 2.20 
well redknapp sums it up for me newcastle's goalkeeper biggest problem in that half was the sun . wake up spurs
think spurs will win this . newcastle are a 45 minute side
sitting in tunisia 25degrees sipping red wine and newcastle winning 1-0 at half time can't get much better !
newcastle 1-0 up at half time playing away . this is wierd
 ht : tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united . come on you spurs
hope arsenal turn united over today and newcastle don't through this away .
we all know newcastle will get beat 2-1 they always do dont they ??
come on newcastle ! 
ameobi has been awful ; newcastle managing to get the lead in spite of him . 
krul making some good saves for newcastle but spurs just look lost up front , literally no idea how to break teams down in the final third .
who even supports newcastle ?
shall be a newcastle fan for today !
hope newcastle hold onto this
it's half time in north london and it's tottenham 0-1 newcastle , hopfully newcastle can win so we can secure a second successive win 
can we say tottenham are missing gareth bale as they are trailing by one goal to nil at white hart lane common i expect townsend to do wonda
if newcastle were a stock , in fpl terms they would moving into the ' buy ' category ! whereas spurs attack would be ' sell ' ! 
tottenham is trap music = trash rap !
since the start of last season , french players have scored more goals for newcastle ( 31 ) than they have for paris st. germain ( 26 )
spurs and newcastle to draw , stoke and swansea to draw , arsenal to win .
all respect to alan padrew . motivated his side so much . sparky newcastle !
is half time newcastle is leading 1-0
when did we stop passing the ball forward at every opportunity ? can't stand the slow build up play and back passing ): come on tottenham !
the newcastle away kit is horrendous
tottenham buy one of the best young talents in the world , lamela , and keep playing him off the bench . 
1-0 to newcastle ! spurs losing
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane .
newcastle are bossing spurs
shockingly poor tactics from avb , frustrating as always , tottenham need a hero ! 
said from the beginning of the season .. tottenham is not top 4 quality
a boring draw for arsenal v man utd , and a win for newcastle would do me nicely today . come on city ! 
newcastle have secured at least a point now . can't see spurs wining 2 penalties ." << tooo funny plus defoe cnt score cs its not thursday
newcastle have looked like they want it more than spurs , spurs look slow and like they can't really be bothered 
bring back my tottenham ! 
half time . spurs 0-1 newcastle . good result . united needs win the arsenal later on old trafford . come on boys !!
yes newcastle !
half-time : spurs 0-1 newcastle .
come newcastle good first half 
back in the uk got home and tottenham are losing , a very nice welcome home present lol
back home ready to catch the 2nd half of scum v newcastle ! come on you geordies !!!
newcastle to win and arsenal to draw would make me a very happy lad !
right money on tottenham come back and soldado to score next ! hope that can spice stuff in this dull game !
said it a season , tottenham are so boring to watch . defiantly miss bale
brazil are playing well . when is the newcastle game on ?
more importantly for newcastle is how disciplined sissoko has been in that 3 man midfield with cabaye & tiote .
13 of newcastle united's 14 league goals this season have been scored by frenchmen .
spurs v newcastle feels like i'm watching germany v brazil when looking at their kits ! ♥ :d .
ooohhhh , what did i miss ? remy .... newcastle ..... :) keep it that way .
a great finish from loic remy , followed by two top saves from tim krul , mean newcastle go in 1-0 ahead at the half time break 
i can see newcastle score 1 or 2 more now we're defending with the sun in our eyes
wow that newcastle kit is hurrendous . georgies on a budget !
haka kateam kanaitwa tottenham ni shida tupu since ' one-man-army ' went !!!! their newly acquired 1st 11 inazembea kazini
why don't the so called pundits praise newcastle ? always make excuses for our opposition when we're on top 
newcastle always let me down when i puts bets on them to lose haha !
tottenham only scored 9 goals this season ? wow
tottenham have won the league twice in their history . arsenal have won the league twice at white hart lane . << ouch
yes , come on newcastle
imagine how much tottenham spent this summer but struggling at their favourite ground against stubborn newcastle team ! get in magpies ”
newcastle beat spurs please .
ht newcastle 1-0 tottenham good result if it continue for us 
newcastle keep this up and finish the game off and that's game number 1 down on the acca 
is it a coincidence friedel's last 3 games and we haven't kept clean sheet ? hull & sheriff in cup and newcastle today ? 
tim krul keeping newcastle ahead here 
highlights by supersports show how fast the newcastle players close down the spurs players when they are in possesion . .
spurs struggling to score against newcastle , this is just weird ... that 1st half was plain and terrible
tottenham playing like a 4-6 place team . oh wait , they are one !! 
since the start of last season , french players have scored more goals for newcastle united ( 31 ) than they have for psg ( 26) .
spurs dropping points would be great . c'mon newcastle .
tottenham minute , 75th minute . i'm calling it now .
hopefully newcastle do us a favour and beat spurs
and it's 1-1 at newcastle lmao
i like avb but our style of play is so defensive compared to harry's . two seasons ago with harry , how many did we put past newcastle ? 5 .
half time . tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united . : half time . tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united , newcastle united ; loic remy 13 '.
tottenham becoming totally useless these days
predicted 2-1 to newcastle before the game and it will be if we don't step it up . bring on lamela , lennon-players that make stuff happen
ht 1-0 . have defended well and looked lively in midfield . krul has produced some fine saves to keep them ahead . 
ht . spurs 0-1 newcastle ..... i miss hugo
like watching brazil 
spurs newcastle will have to wait . has my undivided attention .
tottenham 0-1 newcastle ht loic remy with the goal !!
my dad gets so hyped when the football is on tv . he went mental before when newcastle scored . this from the man who screams at me for noise !
hopefully the tottenham coaching staff have kept a few rockets from bonfire night and put them up the arse of our few players !
remy . :) . i want newcastle win
tottenham r boring to watch they need to use lamela nd erikson every game
yes newcastle !
newcastle are closely monitoring ola toivonen’s contract talks with psv . ( mirror )
btw newcastle were threading through balls at will through spurs defense
can't believe tottenham atm , soooo shit
watching tottenham in bad way playing shit aint good !
come on tottenham next half ! we need to change it , bring on lennon for siggy or lamela not looking fwd to second half with friedal sunineyes
newcastle look good like still very wary of defoe coming on .. no idea why avb doesn't start him . howay the toon 🙌
and tottenham is one down at white heart lane against new castle . tottenham was/is and we'll be shit . period
go go tottenham
is it still 1-0 to newcastle ??
g neville done an excellent review on newcastle performance against stoke 2 years ago about the excellent work rate . suddenly its back .
had a cheeky bet on newcastle to win this game !
tottenham and stoke are the most boring teams to watch in the league , without any doubt ! 
newcastle put this game to bed
more if the same newcastle howay the lads
come on tottenham ! change it up avb we need 3 points !!!!!
soldado is gash is tottenham's main problem
c'mon newcastle keep it up
' ht ' tottenham 1-0 newcastle ( 15'remy ) ; loic remy's strike the difference at the break
 ht 0-1 newcastle remy 13
carragher's finally found something he's not average at . tottenham lack penetration , need an aguero/suarez
how is everybody enjoying their sunday ? please help us spread the word and gain more followers 
newcastle 1 - spurs 0 . come on
newcastle tgh menang ^^ ...... money cant buy you victory
newcastle leading weee ..
remy = newcastle's saviour
1-0 to newcastle , of course !
tottenham are terrible . only up there now because of 1-0 wins from a saldado penalty every bloody match
tottenham need to start scoring goals .....
the pundits hate seeing newcastle winning like 
woke up looking for something positive . knew you wouldn't let me down tottenham . 
i beg of you newcastle to keep this up ! kruls been outstanding ! 
damn ! they said tottenham is not an one man army ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle
yes newcastle ;) do them yids over
newcastle united are the only team outside of the bottom three to have conceded more than 10 goals away from home this season .
every time the newcastle fans rally against mike ashley , the team starts doing mad shit , like beating top 4 teams 2 weeks in a row
so far so good . keep going newcastle see spurs off . 
the wankey tottenham hotspur went to rome to see the pope and this is what he said fuck off !! 
remy's super finish gives newcastle the lead at half-time , let's hope they can hang on and beat tottenham ! 
soo frustrating being a tottenham supporter .
newcastle's 4-4-2 allows them to double up wide , denying us space . but we should counter by getting in the hole . not advancing enough .
don't usually do predictions because i'm crap at them but i'm going for a 3 nil newcastle win .
so many sexy military men and women walking around newcastle today o_o
good first half for us , though tottenham were the better side , but youd expect that with us also away from home , 1-0 up though ! remy on fire
its halftime at white hart lane . tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle an early goal for remy separates the teams .
spurs v newcastle final score predictions… ...
i only hate tottenham cos of edson
come tottenham sort it out 
keep calm and support newcastle united ....
oh fuck go on newcastle !
tottenham , city and arsenal should just loose
tottenham cannot win 1-0 with a dodgy soldado penalty today . that's such a same . great shame .
super sunday tottenham v newcastle live now then the big game arsenal v man u on our huge 8ft screen and pints of fosters only . £ 2.50
none of the 34 premier league goals newcastle have scored in 2013 have been by an englishman .
soccer-tottenham leave out lloris after head injury
don't like this style of play , get back the tottenham way 4butwe'llscore5
tottenham leave out lloris after head injury
tottenham really contriving to lose this match . onedafu
got newcastle to win aswell 😜
newcastle better win this
" get that townsend off all he wants to do is fucking shoot " loool some tottenham fans are jokes
newcastle doing best , now sunderland and united must follow suit .
 last year's spurs would have had more of a problem with this physical newcastle side . ref needs to keep an eye
if newcastle beat spurs , we'll be 3rd on the table . 
saving judgement until the end of the game . but so far , talk of tottenham being even top 4 contenders is laughable
remy ! ~ soldado ? spur 1-0 newcastle
come on newcastle ! only supporting them because i hate spurs
 still looking for there best formation while have it simple ... pass to or hope for or 
that newcastle goal has changed everything . spurs now need two penalties to win .
go newcastle , go . just beat spurs . how am i not watching this game . sigh
newcastle winning is good for the saints . lol the way teams like spurs results effect us is mad . 
what do you think of tottenham ? shit what do you think of shit ? tottenham ! thank you . that's alright ! we hate tottenham , we hate tottenham
c'mon you newcastle right behind you for the entire 90mins ... 
45 minutes to go ! c'mon newcastle !!!
spurs trailing newcastle . epic considering how much spurs ' squad costs
blimey newcastle working hard and putting pressure on the ball . spuds have been sloppy and nervy at the back . hope we keep this up . 
newcastle are doing a great job of stifling the spurs attacks before they happen with niggly fouls in the middle of the park . 
come on newcastle !?
half time score newcastle 1- spurs 0
" newcastle have needed their goalkeeper in the first half ." revolutionary insight from sky pundits .
it's all going to go wrong , isn't it ? apologies for my scepticism but i am , after all , a newcastle fan . 
oi newcastle pls don't disappoint me
so , the newcastle unities are leading the tottenham hot spurs 1 touchdown to zero in this 7am kick off in the english soccer league . 
tottenham play the worse game ! shitty players shitty team ! shitty fans ! disgrace
inicio 2t en white hart line : tottenham 1-0 newcastle
after 2 hours sleep and not feeling perky . tottenham really need to sort this out otherwise my mood will turn very soppy
are newcastle brazil in disguise with their away kit ??
to be fair newcastle have done well
i feel like shit already tottenham ... this performance isn't helping stop stressing me out !
tottenham sure lose
if tottenham are the only team to let down my accumulator , i'll be so pissed off .
inicio 2t en white hart line : tottenham 1-0 newcastle
oshey ... tottenham are about to get beaten at the hands of newcastle lie us
perfection for today would be ... newcastle win . sunderland win and the arsenal/united game to end in a draw !
absolutely brilliant birthday weekend with the lads in newcastle ! quality . nice one boys !
half-time spurs 0-1 newcastle . loic remy’s 7th goal of the season separates the sides after 45 minutes . can the hosts pull it back ? "
most times this season , sissoko preferred attacking & didn't track back to help tiote & cabaye & it left newcastle's midfield exposed .
start watching spurs v newcastle 😍😍
mba loic remy score maintenant en dingue a newcastle que pasa ?
them tottenham players gan doon easier than mackem lasses on fri nights man x
if newcastle hold this lead , sunderland get lucky and we win later it's going be a good day !
woke up to see newcastle winning - doesn't surprise me in the slightest .
only want tottenham to win 2-1 if man city win 3-0 and arsenal beat united with united scoring ! 
what result this would be if the toon can hold off ! come on newcastle ! 
 tottenham vs newcastle
only listening on the radio but probably for the best ! sounds like we've been negative and predictable as ever . be positive tottenham !!!!
remy !! soldado ?? spurs 0 - 1 newcastle~
whatever happened to tottenham being better without gareth bale ...
same old tottenham ... massive improvement needed second half .
respect to the tottenham fans who have been silent for 45 minutes in honour of remembrance sunday .
english premier league | half-time tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle united - loic remy 13 '
gonna be a hard task for tottenham in this second half here
good to see that newcastle have got tottenham on the ropes going into half time
secondly ! come on newcastle !!!!!!
something not quite right with newcastle playing in yellow !
tottenham aren't gunna get into the top 4 . not one stand out player in the starting 11 . maybe eriksen , but he blows hot and cold .
lets go newcastle !
newcastle will be delighted
pardew got newcastle lodging off in big teams rsl ye
newcastle really beating spurs ? ..
just seen newcastle goal and remy read that tackle and pass about 10 secs before it happened 
only watching the tottenham v newcastle match for brad 
whats the spurs vs newcastle score ?
spurs losing to newcastle lol
missin newcastle an'll
tottenham didn't see that coming , they thought loic remy still plays for qpr
come on newcastle ! need soldado and townsend to play well tho , in my dream team 😏
good 1st half from newcastle , more of the same please maybe grab another ! 
just for the record , carling cup 2007/2008 was won by tottenham
great performance from newcastle so far
battering tottenham in every department so far
wtf tottenham 😒
loving all the compliments on newcastle for once
newcastle 1 - 0 up against spurs at half time
newcastle , sunderland and arsenal treble today ... is hardly asking for too much ! a sure thing some would say !
newcastle are class lately , 6 points off spurs and chelsea will be class !
tottenham have scored only 34 goals in 24 premier league home games under the tutelage of andre villas-boas .
grande newcastle !
proper hate tottenham and villas-boas
feeling grim . newcastle has killed me off . worth it though .
can see newcastle going to get another if yids don't buck up ideas 
spurs will win this . after all the newcastle motto is ' grabbing defeat from the jaws of victory ' 
newcastle one more plzz :d
newcastle has completely killed me off !
typical tottenham shenanigans once again ...
if spurs don't up the tempo in the 2nd half then i can't see them getting any points from today ! 
its good to support newcastle ... lol
newcastle draw with liverpool . beat chelsea . beating spurs atm , but fucking lose to sunderland when i have a 500$ multi on them
 must just swallow his pride , bury the hatchet and recall adebayor if he ever wants 's fortunes you change 
ht newcastle 1-0 spurs ... good news for 
would love newcastle to hold on , sunderland do over city and the mancs and arsenal to draw
 tottenham - newcastle
tottenham 0-2 newcastle . remi 2 goals
tottenham looking good
eh come on newcastle ! haha
hope newcastle nick another early in the second half . fancy cabeye to get the assist if they do score again
it's rare that newcastle put a performance in for two halves of a game . hope i'm wrong but cud be a bad 2nd half to watch
if newcastle keep this up and arsenal get a result this will be a good day .
let's hope for a draw for spurs v newcastle match
either newcastle r all of a sudden pretty good again , or every other team is shit
i think newcastle will win this and hold on come on newcastle 
ag ! screw newcastle , come on avb
tottenham making the pundits who predicted they'd challenge for the title look like fools again .
tottenham had better draw o !!!
come on newcastle . keep it up 
hope newcastle keep this up !
come on newcastle !
what is wrong with tottenham ?
cant help being pesimistic as a newcastle fan . will we turn up second half or will defoe come off the bench to hurt us ?? 45mins
first half possession : spurs 25% - newcastle 35% - michael dawson 40%
 descanso . tottenham 0-1 newcastle
 newcastle !
spurs vs newcastle . sunderland vs man city . man utd vs arsenal . back to back🙌👌
newcastle won 2 0 against chelsea last week now dey re winning against tot'ham already nice game
tottenham make me more hungover ffs
newcastle are smashing it 
go on newcastle !!! on a bad not i'm fuming i can't watch the mufc afc game as sky go isn't working !!! 😡😡
a newcastle and united win will make my day
" the french " the new strength of newcastle .
newcastle fc ... a different team more confident on the ball winning all important tackles 
it's always such hard work watching tottenham 1-0 down already ffs
in the last year , more goals were scored by frenchmen for newcastle united than paris saint germain
great half by newcastle . looking like they can win this . same v chelsea . under rate any team at your peril .
it's half time from the lane and we are conceding 1 goal from newcastle 
tottenham sort yourselves out off
tottenham are coming 6th . don't @ me .
nobody ever gave newcastle the chance last season . yes demba ba left but the quality of the team has not . impressive alan ! 
just going to learn when tottenham are playing don't talk . head ...... gone 😶 
come on newcastle
if one is suffering from insomnia , they are advised to watch tottenham spurs play to help them fall asleep# 
right come on then tottenham !!!!
come on newcastle ... one more !!
newcastle with the lead
today , we see all 3 in midfield pressing spurs to great success . sissoko could be newcastle's toure if he continues to play with discipline .
wtf i ask my parents to leave the bar at guild house they still nua and watch tottenham ?!? finish up your drinks and leave
tottenham has to drop point , they have been too ambitious .
fantastic newcastle support today
just woke up , and newcastle are leading ?! .
13 of newcastle united's 14 league goals this season have been scored by frenchmen .
stupid time for the tottenham v newcastle game to kick off . what time did newcastle fans have to set off this morning ?? 
tottenham have just put up a list display against newcastle at home . the highlight of the half was that it ended .
same in the second half aye newcastle
newcastle 1-0 sp**s hah ! 
avb for fucks sake change things . this is awful to watch ! 
get the fuck up for this tottenham
a good sub 30mins training run at the heaton 10k in newcastle this morning . always nice to win a local road race
top goal by remy , newcastle have to beat scummy spurs
come on tottenham big second half coming up would love to see lennon on right gettin crosses in not gonna happen tho is it
spurs losing . xd . newcastle so good ah .
tottenham best get back in this game 
what a game it has been so far 0-1 to newcastle thanks to remy . come on newcastle . .
newcastle look strong , when they got fully fit squad they are a match for anyone
can't see newcastle winning this one lads , spurs have to much class in their squad ⚽️
newcastle is like starbucks central 👌
newcastle should move mountains to sign remy now , but no their priorities lie in securing dummet for 6 years !!
how does defoe not start for tottenham ..
loic remy has a better goals to game ratio in the pl than the entire tottenham team
" french players have scored more goals for newcastle than they have for psg " 😶😶
newcastle are playing unreal , there passing is top class !! they will probably lose now with me saying this
just got in , newcastle winning away to spurs ?! hahahaha get in have money on a newcastle win 
i just hope newcastle don't sit back in this second half
must be hard for spurs having to face newcastle after playing the mighty sheriff tiraspol just 3 days later ! i feel for them 👍
# avb must just swallow his pride , bury the hatchet and recall adebayor if he ever wants # tottenham ' s fortunes to change 
if newcastle win today , i'll genuinely cry . cannot believe i missed the kick off ....
final race of moto gp season then supersunday . my prediction = marquez/tottenham/man city/man united 
newcastle needs to keep this up
a beautiful minute's silence as we prepare for newcastle to receive .
can see newcastle holding onto this .
c'mon newcastle
 should sign this keeper
 very poor in the first half . 1/3 the price from the bookies at kick off . have they lost it ? poor price for the punters to take
always good to see tottenham getting beat haha 
why do we never hear about the french contingent in the newcastle team ? baffles me . 
his little salute to the tottenham fans was class ❤️
since the start of the season , more french players have scored for newcastle united than psg = money disaster
come on spurs ! what's going on ? 110mill spent and we can't beat newcastle at home ? come on ! !
lol !! how have french players scored more goals for newcastle than they have for psg in the past year
decent ht result for united betwween tot & newcastle
super sunday and newcastle are winning 
great - our best player so far today has to come off . typical tottenham .
come on then tottenham , big second half needed !!!!
oooohhhhhh tottenham we love you 
this tottenham team tho
howay newcastle . let's have a second half like we did against chelsea 
mon the newcastle 
spurs struggling laaaaaavly ... need to go into devember in 2nd/3rd place , cmonn newcastle
this newcastle team sef .. ^ . ^
now showing newcastle vs spurs . .
tottenham being fair shite makes the fact they'll still finish above us even more upsetting .
good subs , who are we going to make as an extra attacking threat now ? 
come on newcastle !
tottenham have just put up a limp display against newcastle at home . the highlight of the half was that it ended .
focus on tottenham vs newcastle
hope tottenham loses !
tottenham are so average
sandro a defensive player replacing dembele a creative player ! god i love watching tottenham !
so tottenham need a goal and they bring on 2 defensive players ! like the tactics
wanna fast forward the next week until arctic monkeys and then a weekend in nottingham and newcastle ! 
newcastle , let do it again .
come on tottenham ! need you to win got a bet on !
newcastle finish the job
sub for tottenham : sandro and kaboul on , chiriches and dembele off
i'm going to bed now . bit tired , plus the last time i watched newcastle play the 1st half and slept through the 2nd , we beat chelsea 2-0 ;)
best striker in the premiership plays for qpr . thanks to newcastle for keeping him warm for us .
get in newcastle , 1-0 up against spurs , keep it up ha
seems like i'm the only newcastle fan in this mackem boozer . 
£25 if newcastle win , £90 if they win 2-1 . these 45 minutes are going to drag . 
tottenham's starting 11 are all shit , no ability
double substitution from tottenham ! 
so he brings on a defensive minded player at home to newcastle while we are 1:0 down
if tottenham loose oh my 😂
i hope newcastle win
tottenham looked lost in that first half while newcastle to be fair played well .
fun stat : french players scored more for newcastle than psg ( 31 vs 26) .
everyone at tottenham seems to love sandro . bit like eboue . and yes i think they both share the same football talents
what do you do when your 1-0 to newcastle put kaboul and sandro on jesus christ
2nd half , 0-1 . 
big 2nd half here ! come on newcastle ! more of the same please .
2nd half underway - spurs 0-1 newcastle - will newcastle get another or will spurs show bouncebackability & win ? 
31 goals by frenchman since beginning of last season for newcastle . 26 goals scored by frenchman for psg 
c'mon newcastle
second half : spurs 0-1 newcastle
come on tottenham show we want it !!!
barclays premier league | 2nd half 0 - 1 ( 13 ' remy ) 
do not understand the newcastle fans hate of pardew sometimes , beat chelsea , beating spurs away , drew to liverpool !
christ , tottenham really are dreadful
tottenham relied majorly on gareth bale's contribution . look at them now .. so clueless . waiting for one star player to dig them up
i'm not advocating that spurs go unbeaten after arsenal but not to lose with useless performances like in the 1st half against newcastle
2 like for like subs for tottenham . glad defoe hasn't came on yet . 
i love newcastle i don't want to leave !! 💚
mixed emotions today . hearing both spurs and newcastle fans signing my name . brought a tear to my eye . don't know who i want to win ! x
sandro , sandro , tottenham hotspur's brazilian yiddo !! 
2nd half : tottenham hotspurs 0-1 newcastle united
hope newcastle don't fuck this up man ! actually detest spurs so much ! said months ago remy would hit 15+ 
if one is suffering from insomnia , they are advised to watch tottenham spurs play to help them fall asleep 
come on newcastle .
tottenham looking really poor , newcastle should be 2 , 3-0 up . said thfc would in 2-1 .
 got game
yeeeees newcastle winning tottenham 💃💃💃
howay newcastle !!! finish them off ! 
must be hard for spurs having to face newcastle after playing the mighty sheriff tiraspol just 3 days later ! i feel for them 👍
c'mon tottenham , i had enough football heartbreak yesterday as it is , pick it up please boys ! 
i think tottenham's forgotten it's only a 2 minute silence for remembrance day not 45 minutes lol .
how shocking is it newcastle let remy stay on after a head injury ! shocking
newcastle are the team this season where they will beat or draw against good teams but drop point against shit teams
come on newcastle
so tottenham need to win 9-1 to go second today ?
by the sounds of it spurs looking flat and need some spark ! would be a quality result if newcastle nicked this .. hopefully they can hold on !
sandro and kaboul on . good . will hopefully stop newcastle pinging it about . doesn't solve the ' ball in the net ' conundrum
lol , how many teams wear this brazil-look-alike kit , this season ? arsenal , juve and ...? just learned of newcastle
ngl i will probably enjoy bishops stortford v northampton more than spurs v newcastle
sloppy spurs in the first half , second best to newcastle . bringing on two beasts at half time , let's see what we get !
take 2 . can newcastle consolidate ?
newcastle - please don't sit back ! attack is the best form of defence
just in time to watch 2nd half . do sum’n
hope newcastle win 2-1 but want a vertonghen screamer
all you people getting your kecks down about newcastle weren't you the one's saying our season was virtually over cos we got a draw there ???
newcastle did brazil proud in that first half , let's hope they don't play like australia in the second half lest we forget 
2nd half underway spurs v newcastle
london 5soslyricswithboobs tottenham newcastle the tribez
t@ --> soccer-tottenham leave out lloris after head injury 
 tottenham vs newcastle live :)
back underway at the lane . come on newcastle .
1-0 down at home and avb brings on kaboul and sandro ; two defensive players effectively . if spurs lose to newcastle , fml ! xd
sub sandro & kaboul replace dembele & chiriches for spurs . newcastle get things up and running in the second half 
fuck of newcastle ! loic remy's an r
come on newcastle ! 👌
come on newcastle ! 
ht spurs 0 - 1 newcastle remy 13 ' 
2 beasts have stepped on the pitch . rip newcastle . 
newcastle did brazil proud in that first half , let's hope they don't play like australia in the second half 
let's goo tottenham !!
i love angry tottenham fans
come the fuck on tottenham 
big game predictions spurs 2-2 newcastle sunderland 0-4 man city man united 1-3 arsenal
babak 2 : kick off . tott 0-1 newcastle . go newcastle .. go !
2-1 newcastle all day
newcastle
a newcastle win would be a perfect start to the day of football
what in the world were those half time changes for tottenham ?! defoe on the bench and he puts them 2 on and their 1-0 down 🙈 
newcastle have got to be the most in-consistent team i've ever seen .
 ( 0 ) newcastle ( 1 ) half
tottenham was so promising hay .. they look so lost
since when did newcastle play in the brazil kit ?
more newcastle fans ? i'll follow back ! 
tottenham are always on tele i swear !
come on newcastle !
were losing to newcastle at home n the prick makes 2 defensive subs at ht !! he really doesn't have a clue
tottenham are title contenders but the same arsenal who have collected the most points in 2013 aren't a top 4 team according to owen .
tottenham and chelsea have the densest defence in the league
newcastle's away kit is kind of a preview on how puma will do ours . not bad .
newcastle united must win today
tottenham have got to start pressing . come on boys
as mutch as i hate newcastle , hope they beat spurs
what ? tott'ham playing newcastle . go geordies !!!
tottenham are the most overated team in the prem
out vlad . in kaboul . | tottenham hotspur 0 - 1(remy 12 ' ) newcastle | 
just saw the newcastle score !!!
why did newcastle stop pressing
come on 
away we go ! second half kickoff at white hart lane . tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united , still more to come .
come on newcastle
amsterdam for a few days then out in newcastle last night , amazing . feeling it now though 😵
just back from showing our respects with maritime volunteer service on the river at newcastle quayside .
townsend has been poor again . such a predictable player . newcastle have done well to stop him from cutting inside onto that left boot .
newcastle leading .
what sandro brings : an enforcer . he breaks up newcastle's attack , plays a simple pass , gets spurs moving quicker . exactly what they need .
hope newcastle win 
avb decides to rest lloris after the head knock today against newcastle . only issue , he is about a week late .
>>>>>>>> 1-0 pour newcastle
come on newcastle
sub sandro & kaboul replace dembele & chiriches for spurs . newcastle get things up and running in the second half
can see newcastle scoring a screamer now the suns in freidles eyes
listening to the newcastle game on the tunein app but i've only got 50% battery left . will i get to hear the final whistle ? dum dum duuuumm !
hope newcastle win . remy getting another goal 
spurs definitely should've got wanyama , newcastle are just walking through their midfield !
i think tottenham have been soldadud-o
need newcastle , sunderland and man utd to win today
can't wait for this weekend 
layan spurs lwan newcastle jap
newcastle y sont chaud
this is the 1st time i've seen newcastle is well-organized and disciplined side in a long time . 
come on newcastle 
tottenham are all over the place
no way in hell tottenham getting top 4
tottenham look so stiff !!! one up front at home is not the answer !!
newcastle have scored and this time it is not a hoax .... 
tottenham arsenal stoke barcelona all total goals + 1.5 , tottenham arsenal btts acca 
a possitive start by newcastle 
newcastle not just looking like brazil !!!
why do tottenham play dembele holding midfield ?
t@ --> tottenham leave out lloris after head injury 
 come on tottenham you could do so much better than this
 triple header today at ! v live right now ! followed by v at 2pm !
french players have scored more goals for newcastle than they have scored for paris saint germain . interesting from ajs .
newcastle lead 1 nel at ht remy is at it again are they gonna pull off another upset spurs are such slow starters in games
where are all the tottenham goals ? sat in the madrid sunshine . 
half time : tottenham hotspur 0 , newcastle united 1 .
never understood why jemain defoe starts on the bench at tottenham ?
woke up to see newcastle beating spurs . then see newcastle are wearing arsenal away colors . makes sense . 
2nd half underway ... tottenham 0-1 * newcaslte 
newcastle up 1-0 on spurs . tottenham needs to up their game in some serious ways . they just aren't up to par now .
i prepare newcastle to win 
match restarted after halftime between spur and newcastle score 0-1
hoping newcastle do the job on spurs
4-4-2 .... well , it works for newcastle . pc
newcastle !! are you brazil in disguise
younès kaboul begins the second half for tottenham hotspur in today's super sunday . is this a good sign for sac tonight ? 
super sunday the the rampant horse tottenham vs newcastle on now sunderland vs man city 2pm man utd vs arsenal 4pm 
go on newcastle
second half ; tottenham 0-1 newcastle
well this is just a lovely sight to see ! go newcastle !
gwan newcastle 
rootin for newcastle united .
newcastle have been performing good lately .
rooting for newcastle win . 
tottenham should have a good defence you know , chiriches and kaboul as cbs , and dembele sitting in front of them as a cdm , thats crazy man
spurs are gona go for it and forget about defending and newcastle are gona pop another one #65min
match update spurs 0-1 newcastle .
i can feel a dodgy tottenham penalty on its way to make it 1-1 😓😓
loic remy is quality . composed & sharp . newcastle are lucky to have him 
tottenham are so shit
loic remy has done it again for newcastle . tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle as at half time .
im loving the half time score at white hart lane c'mon newcastle .
don't see tottenham scoring tbh ...
tottenham 0-1 newcastle - totthrnham subs vlad chiriches + moussa dembele off sandro + younes kaboul on
for now , i reckon for a newcastle win ! > £100 mil spent and still can't get above us 
horrible maillot jaune de newcastle 
tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle .. 2nd half .. 
newcastle will prob do well at spurs then lose to norwich .
so i suppose the newcastle keeper has nothing to do with it then not had to make any saves note then we created fuck all
bodo amatan lah moto gp yang penting tottenham menang !!!!! come on you spurs #3points
 newcastle vs tottenham ijat duwe
ion spurs 0-1 newcastle .. another team from the north .
fuck off spurs , first bet on the accumulator and i was suspecting newcastle might win it
be a fall if tottenham and city lost and united , arsenal was a draw
au calme sous tottenham newcastle
newcastle winning 1-0 and defoe is on the bench means one thing . he will 100% come on . he will 100% score .
newcastle are leading at white hart lane keep it that way
kick-off babak 2 : tottenham 0-1 newcastle
come on tottenham fucking hell , letting my bet down
are fans seriously singing " avb out "? jesus it's not like were fighting for relegation , were still in the title race !!!!!! 
tottenham should beat newcastle .
tot : 1:55 newcastle : 6:50
tottenham subs : dembele off , sandro on . chiriches off , kaboul on
come on 
newcastle are actually sick though
newcastle are odt fam idc
newcastle are destroying north london . chelsea last week and tottenham today .
2nd half , spurs 0-1 newcastle , remy 13 '. kaboul & sandro on , chiriches & dembele . 
hahaha newcastle think they are brazil with that kit on
spurs vs newcastle , nadal vs federer , mufc vs arsenal , kicks vs spurs what else ???
 spurs vs newcastle
second half of tootenham vs newcastle
toteham vs newcastle //nw//
so much football today ! spurs-newcastle , nec-ajax , sunderland-city , utd-arsenal then juve-napoli !
overslept and missed the first half of spurs-newcastle . my children are letting me down .
but this tottenham boy eriksen ... he's good !
tottenham's pitch is so shit 😂
in bed watching spurs v newcastle ! 
i always enjoy watching newcastle games !!!
newcastle ... with this * remy * guy are becoming an issue .. meanwhile spurs a 1 down .. big up to fc
remy=newcastle
tottenham may have been substandard so far , but credibly newcastle have defended very well .
tottenham are the most boring team to watch
an englishman is yet to score in 2013 for newcastle in the english premier league 😐 
 - tottenham hotspur vs newcastle .
47 ' . | tottenham hotspur 0 - 1(remy 12 ' ) newcastle | 
lamela is on the bench yet again for tottenham ? som30ne remind me how much he cost ? £30m .
since the start of last season , french players have scored more goals for newcastle ( 31 ) than they have for paris st. germain ( 26) . 
really hope newcastle beat tottenham today and and sunderland beat man city 🙏🙏🙏🙏
hoping changes mean that the attacking players are just going to fly at the newcastle defence without caution ... 
imagine newcastle are winning 0 - 1
yay newcastle leading !!
newcastle only play well against good teams- wait , or should i say average 
i predict a tottenham penalty . i'm pettry sure they've had the most penalties this season .
tottenham are boring to watch nowadays
 brazil newcastle
the newcastle keeper is on form ! 
come on newcastle ! ⚽️
peter andre newcastle city hall
we hate tottenham , we hate tottenham ! 
spurs & arsenal helped us out last time we dropped points . need newcastle & sunderland to do it today . do need to do it for ourselves 
shola ameobi playing for newcastle how can they lose ?!
 tottenham - newcastle
scored a goal in a 2-2 draw , get to the pub and newcastle are beating spurs !!! 
tottenham hotspur vs newcastle utd
 tottenham hotspurs v newcastle united
newcastle is beating spurs . ahahaha !
football on sunday : tottenham vs nu chievo vs ac milan mu vs arsenal villareal vs atl . madrid juve vs napoli enjoy !! 
tottenham have had like 3 shots on goal all season
come on now tottenham !!
this is better play tottenham 
newcastle's away jerseys ... why do i like them ?
que : do you speak french or newcastle ? ans : aren't both the same ?
i know newcastle fans were lamenting their lack of transfer activity in the summer , but remy on loan has been a top signing .
come on newcastle ! 
you never wanna concede first to newcastle . tim krul the master of time wasting
andy gray , ruud gullit & richard keys analyzing spurs/newcastle on al jazeera like the old days .. much better than sky these days .
going back tottenham after work to see the family can't wait living by yourself can get well boring and lonely
nothing is better than waking up and seeing spurs losing ... at home ... to newcastle ! 
the newcastle keeper is krul 
dairy milk chocolate ... a milky bar and the tottenham match .. only thing that can make this moment better is if we was winning 👍 
tottenham vs newcastle is such a boring game
sat in the pub watching spurs vs newcastle , can't wait until kick off . i'm hoping for a great atmosphere ! 
tottenham are in trouble
for christ sake tottenham fans , you're not a big side . stop moaning . be happy that you're so high up the table .
it's their final ball into tottenham's defensive third that's lacking .
the match will end """ " totiham 1:2 newcastle 
hoping newcastle can hold out here & for a gunners/utd draw .
why are newcastle always such big odds to win
newcastle !
what the beating tottenham get a penalty
watching -newcastle en -twente
typical negative sofa supporters - spurs haven't been that bad and newcastle brought it to us 
 this is why supporting newcastle is so frustrating . pretty much the team that lost so badly to sunderland and now they're great
 tottenham vs newcastle live
newcastle are closely monitoring ola toivonen’s contract talks with psv . ( star )
tottenham hotspur vs newcastle utd
t@ --> tottenham leave out lloris after head injury 
even if some how tottenham win today avb has to pull his dildoe out of his ass !! im done
epl latest : tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle ( loïc remy 13 )
come on tottenham ; time to silence the critics !
newcastle - a team of french players in a brazil kit .
breaking news , tottenham make a double substitution adding no creativity 1-0 down . why did spurs buy lamela ?? wtf is going on
 and manchester united have both allowed 44 shots on target this season ( open) . one more than newcastle and hull .
think we're terrible at corners ? newcastle haven't scored from a corner in over 2 years .
48 ' and it's spurs 0 - 1 newcastle hahahahahahahahah
serioisly hopin newcastle dont fuck this up
could be 2 big wins 4 newcastle in a row . chelsea and spurs .
 good job newcastle , i enjoy seeing spurs suffering
missing the newcastle game because i've got a minor hangover and therefore can't be arsed moving . life .
2nd half under way , 1-0 down to newcastle . let's get this result 
isn't that the defence we had vs newcastle ?
just hope newcastle are able to see out spurs 
come on newcastle !!
no team frustrates me more than tottenham do ...
if newcastle win , city win and arsenal and utd draw it'd just be perfect
studying english by watching spurs vs newcastle ! c'mon lads
whats wrong with that newcastle goalkeeper ? he cant cntrol the ball correctly .. smh
if we lose to newcastle , this might just qualify as the worst weekend ever
wud like newcastle stick another on in dese
14 piece kfc bucket destroyed now for 2nd half spurs v newcastle . could do with some dreamteam pts from soldado before he is dumped tomorrow
tottenham have a winger on the bench who cost £30million , nonsense signing
why does avb insist on using one striker even at home against a team like newcastle ?!
yaay back to newcastle today !!!
ok jon champion , we get it , you think goalies should wear caps looking into the sun . now get over it . 
who scored for newcastle ?
bodo amatan lah moto gp mah yang penting tottenham menang !!!!! come on you spurs #3points
i could do with newcastle and swansea losing today :/
tottenham fans are just like arsenal fans , but even worse ..
come on newcastle !
i'm going into newcastle now , i know i need to go , but i can't remember why . i'm sure it will come to me when i'm there
if tottenham lose , and arsenal win on ot , it'll be such a good sunday
newcastle is back ?
awful defending newcastle
great save from krul there ! 
it's sunday afternoon and i'm watching spurs vs newcastle . what has my life become ??
how did tottenham miss
krul keeping newcastle in this 
come on newcastle !! 
don't like newcastle , hate their fans
my bet is looking good so far first game is losing . don't do this to be tottenham
wud like newcastle stick another one in dese
tottenham cannot score 😂😂😂
how did tottenham miss that ....
tottenham are playing poorly
tottenham 0 vs 1newcastle .. 2nd hlf strtd wit a chng dat cold chng d score line 4 tottenham wit~mousa dembele out n sandro takn his place
newcastle wearing arsenal's away kit again . spurs will surely win this one though . they have been very lucky at whl this season .
tottenham are weighing up a januray move for southampton defender luke shaw . ( sunday people )
tim krul has been fantastic fur newcastle
what a save !!!!!!! newcastle keeper ! wow !
come on you newcastle hahaha who remembers newcastle hotspurs from last season haha
tottenham have to drop points , they have been too ambitious .
how shit are tottenham hahaha
glory glory newcastle united .
debuchy seems to be having a great season . always liked him at lille , good to see him get that form back at newcastle .
tim krul is newcastle's saviour damn
classic newcastle defending
tim krul holding it down for newcastle
watching tottenham is actually going to send me into cardiac arrest 😡
my god , tottenham are crap
krul is such a keeper , kept newcastle in this
lmaoooo . how do u miss that😂 . tottenham are lackingggg
i just found out that my girlfriends grandad is vice president of tottenham hotspur . wow haha . still hate spurs 
oh dear , what an opp for tottenham to level !
tim krul is on fire for newcastle
top save newcastle
not going to lie . this 1-0 nufc lead is barely comforting . we may get thrashed by tottenham . it'll be a miracle if we win this at spurs turf
tottenham has the league's oldest goalkeeper ... hahahaha ! no wonder they conceded a goal .
wow krul is saving newcastle
great save by newcastle keeper
 totenham vs newcastle !
kruls kept newcastle in this game
bodo x gol spurs ni huhauhau toth vs newcastle
tim krul is really keeping newcastle in this game , serious performance by him !
so newcastle takes out 2-0 and now leads the spuds 1-0 at shite hart lane ? i'm starting to like them :p . spuds supporters stunned !
newcastle wearing that awful strip that bfc had the year we were relegated .. i've got visions of richard naylor combining with kevin donovan
brilliant ! what a brilliant save by krul to deny tottenham
newcastle got 99 problems but matches against good teams ain't one . hahah , since when was tottenham a good team ?
now watching-spurs vs newcastle . later one is outclassing spurs !
is this tottenham v brazil
tottenham are fucking useless 😂😂😂
tottenham just can't score however hard they try 😂
so tense being in a tottenham household .
newcastle's keeper is on steroids man .
spurs 0-1 newcastle - krul makes a very good low save from eriksen , spurs knocking on the door on 49mins 
mental trying to watch spurs v newcastle & the motogp at the same time 
newcastle boot room staff . well done . those extra long studs you decided to give tim krul served well .
spurs or newcastle , who to support !? 2 fav bpl teams 
come on newcastle
fantastic stop by krul . newcastle defence lucky there .
hehe i think i love newcastle united fc
retweet if you are happy tottenham are trailing 1-0 against newcastle !
tim krul is too good to play for newcastle
i dont get this if lloris is not fit enough for this game , how on earth was he fit to go back on when he got injured !!?? 
newcastle you need to score
tim krul having a blinder for today , but eriksen should really have scored from that opportunity . 
50 ' eriksen fires from point-blank range but krul makes a superb save with his foot to keep newcastle ahead
krul keeping newcastle in it once again
come on spurs ! 
hope newcastle win 
watching tottenham and newcastle match-up with dad :) supporting newcastle for this one !
oh , and if tottenham doesn't want dembele ( #1 ) i'll take him ...
come on newcastle !!!
good move great save from 
howay newcastle . wakey wakey .
a newcastle win . a man city draw and arsenal to win would make the perfect sunday
come on newcastle i'm counting on you to win this match !!
tottenham are as boring n awful today , arsenal to follow suit ..
krul has kept newcastle in this
newcastle goalie is having a blinder !
great play from tottenham , superb save , eriksen should have scored
how did jonny duffy go out spend £6 in newcastle and i spent £50 in woodburn club and the park 😂😂
tim krul is earning these 3pts for newcastle . cunt .
sometimes , some teams are not up for the contest , they're just there to destroy you . tottenham hotspur dream for top is a story now .
newcastle are just getting so lucky wow
tim krul !!!! i love you !!! haha 
come on newcastle !
tottenham just got kruled . 
some save that newcastle want 2 get ameobi off and ben arfa on and catch these cunts on the break
there are 3 more premier league games to follow the newcastle game including sunderland v man city at 2.05 pm and man utd v arsenal at 4.10 pm
stop of life ..... will tottenham really beat this dude today ?
newcastle are playing good .
don't go fucking lazy newcastle 
get in newcastle ! i should have put remy in my dream team . 
 !!
tottenham need to get defoe on the pitch soo much space in behind newcastle its unreal 
credit to da newcastle keeper
fuck sake . can see us hammering them all half now and krul keeping newcastle safe .
then sandro whistles a shot just wide . much better from tottenham .
one too many crucial saves from krul . lay newcastle 2.26
tottenham need lessons on how to score goals . awful just awful !!
newcastle has a beast in goal ... he def a top keeper
what a save ! newcastle are playing the best football i've seen them play in a long time
ericksen should have buried that chance . bad miss 
sandro pile driver , looked like tin was deflected wide but ref says goalkick . better , tottenham .
well done newcastle , this is what i like to see !!!
great build up by tottenham , eriksen you ass !
come on tottenham !!!
newcastle keeper is playing like many a keeper visiting anfield !
* newcastle goal incoming
this is getting silly now , krill saved newcastle for the 4th time from a certain goal 
save !!!! erikson denied from krul again ! fine save with his feet after cut open in midfield . still 1-0 . 
newcastle are lucky as fuck man
let's go magpies let's go ! come on newcastle ! 💪👏😉
krul is saving newcastle's ass this match .
my dad was in spoons in newcastle with james for geordie shore ... interesting
newcastle's kit is fucking vile
2nd half at white hart lane spuds 0-1 newcastle .. remy !
excellent defending by newcastle 
newcastle holding on !
need to keep this up now newcastle ! 
tottenham will win this game defo great start
krul now 100 percent keeping newcastle ahead in this game .
more like the tottenham we know ! coys
if newcastle didn't have remy there wouldn't be jokes about sunderland being in the relegation zone ...
much better tottenham . i can see a 3-1 victory ;o )
at newcastle keeper is having some game
spurs doing what newcastle did to them in the first half .
rt if you think newcastle will beat tottenham
the tottenham goalkeeper is the oldest player in the 
tottenham randomly taking long shots . what a waste of chances
what a save by krul ...! come on ! 
just got home after football and i see that newcastle are winning 1-0 against spurs ! go on newcastle !
see if newcastle actually win then city go get beat , that's the kind of thing i'm expecting
can’t see newcastle holding this out
50 ' | tottenham 0-1 newcastle | remy 13 '. | 
there . the difference between spurs and newcastle so far - get the chance , put it in the net .
lmfao !! tottenham
watching tottenham against newcastle . ( the newcastle ' accent is so strong ang ugly damn )
pleasant surprise to see newcastle still winning . hope they make it back to back wins !
tottenham showing more urgency in the second half
power newcastle ni
tottenham have picked up the pace , fuck 
tottenham need to fix up . what is this ?
if newcastle can even take a point of spurs today i'll be delighted
also , tim krul should be nowhere near newcastle . is he first choice for knvb yet ?
tim krul will save newcastle from relegation
newcastle keeper having a blinder 2day
come on tottenham fuck sake . 
yes newcastle !!!!!! forgot the game was on
 spurs vs newcastle .
rt if you think newcastle and tottenham will draw .
newcastle krul sous les bombes 
secound half underway tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united ( loic remy 13') .
signs dat tottenham will find it tough 2day ...
remy's the best thing that's happened to newcastle since alan shearer hahah
gomes is still a tottenham player ? what the hell ??
go on newcastle ! 
ganesh is making some excellent saves for newcastle today . very impressive .
that newcastle keeper is cruel ...... 😂😂😂😂😂😂 
what a game by " krul " magbith keeper !! min 50 0:1 
wow . krul is so underrated it's not even funny . he's so good for newcastle !!
this is getting silly now , krul saved newcastle for the 4th time from a certain goal 
newcastle come onn
who the fuck are tottenham ! lmao try buying some decent players instead of spending 100mil on shit hahahha
i'm not a tottenham fan but i want to see lamela on
barclays premier league | 50 ' played 0 - 1 ( 13 ' remy ) 
anoda brilliant and fantastic save 4rm tim krul !. scores remains tottenham 0-1 newcastle !!!
newcastle need to score another goal
oh newcastle , either hanging on to this or drawing 1-1 keeps one of my massively unrealistic in check ! 
come on tottenham you can do this . its so annoying that newcastle have a decent keeper making it hard for us 
trying to watch the newcastle game , the moto gp and cook lunch as well .... who say men can't multitask .
if tottenham don't win this , i'm going to find tim krul & demand my betting stakes back . he's having a worldy .
newcastle fans are crazy af
come on you newcastle !! :d 
newcastle are playing well & need to not make defensive errors like that .
tottenham hotspurs wasted 100 million , napoli and arsenal's money is well spend , manchester united money ..............
whenever i hear the stupid slow version of " oh when the spurs ..." i just think " wankers " ... come on newcastle , kill this off !
great save with krul's feet to deny eriksen then sandro shoots just wide . tottenham on top
newcastle playing really well today , but lately i think spurs are exuding arrogance in their performances . 
 . come on newcastle ..
c'mon newcastle !
1214 : goal- tottenham 0-1 newcastle - loic remy ( 13 mins )
jheeeze newcastle doing the job
krul is keeping newcastle in the game
spurs will grab a goal then sneak the win newcastle look done
you lot never believed me when i said tottenham were shit
rt if you think tottenham will beat newcastle .
as far as i know any team can beat tottenham lol .
came out of church only to hear tottenham are loosing wtf
krul is keeping newcastle in the game
what's the score in the spurs newcastle match ?
the newcastle keeper should get the match ball , if they win .
krul is keepin newcastle in this game three outstanding saves 
i'm supposed to be sleeping now , but then again , who sleeps when newcastle is whopping spurs ?
what a game tim kruls having ! hold on newcastle
newcastle win , city win , arsenal win , lamb roast dinner , drinking snowballs during motd2 ! potentially the best sunday of all time !!!
tottenham are pretty shit this year , not even just saying that because i hate them
newcastle that was so krul of you to deny eriksen a goal .
krul has been top class this game , kept newcastle in it .
come on newcastle beat suprs !!
fuck me i thought newcastle at home was an hard game , there just walking through spurs at whl 😂😂😂
great save by krul but erikson should never have given him that chance . what a let-off for . 
tottenham literally can't score ?!
fuck me ! krul a block fence in that newcastle goalpost
that newcastle keeper is having some game
what the heck happened to newcastle's kits ?
what is this keeper doing at newcastle ! much to good !
sensational tim krul for newcastle
how are newcastle hotspurs doing ? wigan hotspurs are playing later as well aren't they ?
tim krul having a cracking game so far for newcastle !!
newcastle have got some good full backs in debuchy and santon
yayyy go newcastle ..
newcastle won't hold this for long
arsenal can lose other matches . not today's match . i want to see utd stuck on 17 pts in 11 matches . and caught by newcastle
tottenham is going to get punished again
may the god of jacob , isaac and david provide more goals for newcastle fc
hope newcastle get this win , definitely will help united pull a few places back if they win later on :) 
come on newcastle , score another one !
tim krul having a spectacular game thus far . some hugely important saves have kept newcastle united in the game .
when i hear newcastle i think of jleigh or jububshab caaallviinnnn
tottenham need to turn this around
tottenham game is boring
couple of really good chances there for 
 tottenham - newcastle gros match !
white hart lane must be worst club in prem for tv cameras . 
so i came up to newcastle thursday for a night out and i'm still here 
newcastle all of a sudden coming to life this season
spurs 1-1 newcastle , sunderland 0-3 man city , man utd 1-2 arsenal 
newcastle should wear the brazil kit more often
that remy goal was the first tottenham had let in this season from anyone outside or london 
it's 1-1 at newcastle !
watching tottenham against newcastle . ( the newcastle ' accent is so strong and ugly ... damn )
i thought that tottenham was playing arsenal for a second
50'min tottenham 0 - 1newcastle
this day is going to be perfect , tottenham newcastle , city sunderland , arsenal united , barca betis
lets go newcastle !!
 hotspurs vs newcastle
just got in and noticed we are losing to newcastle😂 ffs tottenham
could do with newcastle holding on here , arsenal and utd drawing and more importantly city winning .
newcastle , arsenal , city and stoke to win 
c'mon newcastle !!!!
apparently that the club was named newcastle united pretty cool , can winning first of spurs .
would love a newcastle counter attack now .
tottenham started the 2nd half on fire , an equaliser is imminent . 
such an honour to represent the british red cross today in newcastle on remembrance sunday .
come on tottenham !! needs you on my accumulator ⚽️🙏
tottenham is cursed
watching newcastle united today is like watching brazil !
newcastle could easily be in the top 4 with the team they have !
come on tottenham yis cunts
tottenham pilling on d pressure ! can newcastle hold on 2 thr lead !!
2nd half of spurs v newcastle just kicked off . join us for sunderland v man city at 2pm & man utd v arsenal at 4pm
yes newcastle 
newcastle been very good but think spurs bit afraid to throw themselves fully forward with bigger gap between friedel and backline .
tottenham to score off this freekick
i beg tottenham get some1 who can score 😐
there should be no reason why tottenham struggles this much to score goals .. 
newcastle be making tottenham look like they just got promoted to the epl
kru keeping newcastle in this ! come on newcastle !!!
newcastle panicking . doors . early .
i hate tottenham
tim krul is doing an amazing job for newcastle , just sayin '.
spurs can't maintain this pressure , keep them at bay for 15-20 minutes , come on newcastle !
i know they are winning , but why are newcastle dressed like brazil ?
based on d table i want newcastle to beat tottenham n man u shud beat arsenal 
newcastle 7 offsides , highest number of offsides i've seen in a match
i wouldn't have even take a point against newcastle before the game , now i will
tottenham have a free kick about 23 yards out
so if tottenham and arsenal lose , it would be good for chelsea on the long run
tottenham are useless cunts the now man . fucking knew we would struggle against newcastle ! lacking a goal scorer like suarez or rvp😫
newcastle still have d lead heart lane .
free kick for tottenham
i bet newcastle wish they could wear brazil's kit every week 
a confident newcastle outfit can be really frightening to play against . looking like a " team " again . consistency always an issue though .
fk to newcastle .. great place
who knew ? tottenham play a defensive midfielder and now they look a lot better . paulinho & dembele offer no protection as a two .
tottenham getting closer and closer after every chance 
newcastle can't keep this going . surely a spurs breakthrough is imminent
does newcastle goalie look like brendon fraiser to anyone else 
freekick in an dangerous position . 
i must say that the best away fans are newcastle fans . the toons .
tottenham need to prove they hungry right here . they can obviously score so just do it !
s/o to newcastle
newcastle of life !
knew wba and newcastle would be tough for chelsea and spurs
eriksen has got a bet on a newcastle win .
i think tottenham will score before too long
howay newcastle man !! what's going on . shoot themselves all the time .
debuchy has been so poor at newcastle .
i got my all time low ticket yesterday for newcastle and im so happy
newcastle need to wake up
i dislike newcastle united
newcastle has a little concentration and looks to concede soon
if newcastle don't score again , we're in trouble
tottenham are statistically the most boring team to watch this season . i should be working on skysports with these kind of stats
loic remy has scored 47% of newcastle's pl goals this season ; the highest proportion of any player in the top-flight 
spurs should equalise in the first 15 , and carry on going at them . newcastle ( bar krul ) can't match this at the moment 
remembrance parade done .. on the way to the game vs newcastle 🏀 leggooo
we're 4th with 21 points . we will remain 4th provided tottenham draws/loses and city draws/loses as well .
 tottenham vs newcastle .
decided im not going to loose the beard untill after i see daniel bryan at newcastle arena on friday night . have to 
newcastle defending with all they got ....
newcastle need to wake up , spurs were never going to come out & play as poorly as they did first half ...
perfect results for today newcastle , sunderland and stoke all winning and arsenal !! of course
oi swear newcastle are beating spurs 😂😂😂
this spurs vs newcastle match getting more and more interesting !!
what the fuck tottenham .
krul keeping newcastle in the game with his saves .
com ' on tottenham
spurs losing to newcastle hahahahaha there so shit
really not helping yourselves newcastle , wake up
c'mon newcastle
there is no one worse to watch a newcastle match with than my dad !
i really dont think newcastle have the bollocks if we put it on them . trouble is we have to put it on them
52 ' yellow card for newcastle's mathieu debuchy .
after beating chelsea agbero club fc .. newcastle seems to be back in form
come on newcastle
come on tottenham !!
you dont give away such free kicks ! oooh newcastle !
loving newcastle atm ! 😂👌
newcastle playing some good soccer as of late
thanks newcastle for screwing spuds up , keep the score to the end !
i hate tottenham so much !
just switched to mio and newcastle is leading tottenham 1-0 . well done , magpies .
tottenham plays for draws these days . 
a newcastle , sunderland and utd fan just for today 😏
howay newcastle , pick it up !! 
even with krul in outstanding form , way newcastle are defending , can't be long before spurs equalise .
could see tottenham coming up with an equaliser now😉
newcastle's kit looks brazilian
mhen .. if tottenham could lose .. would be a lil relieved
tottenham will score here
ah , there it is . how about six or seven reds to newcastle players now ?
tottenham need to score quick if they are going to turn this around !
this is the newcastle i 💜💙💚 to see
i hate myself for saying or thinking this but tottenham has a good set of player . and can do well this season .....
yellow card for mathieu debuchy whom is suspended for newcastle ' s game against norwich
52 ' debuchy kartu kuning . | tottenham hotspur 0 - 1(remy 12 ' ) newcastle | 
debuchy lets newcastle down far too often .
tottenham free kick
who scored for newcastle ?!?
52 ' yellow card : debuchy booked for a foul . free-kick to tottenham in a dangerous area
 winning ??? ..... things have become soft this week for , we gotta win
what was avb expecting from the first half from newcastle ?! avb is up his own arse ! 
 vs 
newcastle = france 
go newcastle
come on newcastle pick it up and get a second goal
is it morning ? is it night ? am i awake ? sf screwes with my head . still , it's spurs-newcastle on right now and 3 points are needed ! 
i just love newcastle ...
newcastle living on the edge here . not good .
even though the second half has just begun , this is the best tottenham have played all season .
prediction other games : spurs 1-2 newcastle sunderland 2-1 man city swansea 1-1 stoke city
a bale-less just don't look as good . and it's not like they haven't got the players .
please please please newcastle , get another goal !!!!!
soldado : i wish i can terminate ma contract with tottenham . epl ain't a joke .
have newcastle stole our away kit .
newcastle aslansin be
everything is falling into place newcastle 1-0 spurs come on toon !! 
newcastle ⬅️⬅️⬅️ on directional buttons ultra defensive 
hope newcastle hang on can't stand spurs !
everyone laughed at me when i sang danny pugh is not for sale at newcastle , now look at him .
yes . newcastle !
tottenham are so shit
come on newcastle 
tottenham cant even score against newcastle . heard they spent 109 million pounds on attackers ? 
chatteu dvos races newcastle
nans buzzing over newcastle , come on !!
come on newcastle keep it up
come on newcastle !!!!!
where is adebayor ? this tottenham side are going berzerrrk w/o him
fucking wow newcastle .
tottenham and city dropping points and united/arsenal draw would do nicely today 👌
woah , very lucky newcastle !
how fucking lucky are newcastle
this is krul on tottenham
fair play newcastle , kept the spurs fans quite for a whole half . 
nice to see newcastle have their whole team in the wall
how are newcastle still leading
come on tottenham ffs
let's all laugh at tottenham
come on newcastle !!!
it's not tottenham's day
wtf how . newcastle you nutters
newcastle keeper is actually on fire
tottenham have a gem in andros townsend ... he's a beast !
hold on newcastle !
what a save !! 
how have tottenham not scored ? wow
is newcastle really that good ? :o
come on newcastle we are playing so shit
i'm a nervous wreck watching newcastle play !
haha newcastle wow
newcastle
newcastle wearing a brazil kit , but it's spurs who are making them look like brazil . 
love hat defending come on newcastle .
how did spurs not score that ?!!! top work by newcastle
how the sodding hell have tottenham not scored there ? how ? what ? someone's broken reality .
newcastle are using some black magic
wow ! great defending newcastle !
newcastle just dey defend !!
newcastle are on fire omg
quality from newcastle !
amazing from newcastle how did they keep it out ?
bumbuclaaaa !!! newcastle !
nice lah newcastle
the newcastle keeper is having the game of his life
how the hell did that not go in ?????? 
whats wrong with tottenham ??
newcastle !!!!!!!!
who the fuck tottenham missed that
newcastle-fc is leading on a " yellow jersey " guess that tell us something ?
spurs 0-1 newcastle - debuchy takes out paulinho with a poor challenge & krul saves the resulting fk on 52mins 
astounding defending by newcastle . chai
newcastle catching life
newcastle are playing so well !
this newcastle kit is awesome ! why can't have a nice away kit !
newcastle defending for their life !
how did newcastle keep this out ? this is their day ! 
what a keeper !!!! 
krul is amazing , how the hell did tottenham not score
class defending newcastle
how have tottenham not scored
wow , incredible by newcastle !
that was class defending by newcastle
great defending from newcastle , come on !
newcastle tres lucky there !
what defending and keeping from newcastle !
no way newcastle
tottenham ain't shit .
tim krul , you are too good for newcastle !
what defending by newcastle
omg newcastle😂👏
no sleeping on bicycle newcastle 
amazing defending by newcastle
newcastle are playing mazza
quality defending after great keeping . go on newcastle lads
if newcastle win , i might as well contemplate dipping my nipples in hcl 
hahahaha come on newcastle
the newcastle goalkeeper is on fire
newcastle today jesus
tottenham have a lot of good individual players . that does not result into a good team .
what excellent defending newcastle
debuchy is a consistent onion 
how the fuck have tottenham not scored there ?!
come on newcastle ! mate
keep thinking newcastle are brazil
newcastle wow !
what a brilliant save and clearance by newcastle
how does it feel to be tottenham
wow !!! newcastle beast !
newcastle super fortunate . tim krul madly on form
how did newcastle live there ?!
tottenham you are shit
newcastle hanging on here
tim krul is saving newcastle here
newcastle are playing well
i'll never understand why tottenham don't start defoe
oh my god newcastle come on tfuck hahahaha !!!
my goodness , tim krul absolutely robs tottenham again , what a performance so far . 
why do keepers always do so good against tottenham
how have tottenham not scored
tottenham 0-1 newcastle live yellow card at 53 ' by debuchy m . 
when i'm an old man and my heart gets weaker , i'll die of a heart attack watching newcastle
chaii newcastle sha
wow newcastle
tottenham 1 gol at be
unbelievable that newcastle are still ahead . incredible goalkeeping/defending
newcastle are demons .
newcastle working hard at the back
take a fuckin bow newcastle !!
it's official ... tottenham can't score unless it's a penalty .
lmao @ tottenham
how did that stay out ! great save then great defending by newcastle !
krul ! newcastle is not letting anything in wow
tottenham so unlucky !
newcastle are doing well !! come on toon
newcastle !! krul !!
how have newcastle not conceded yet ?!
bloody hell , fantastic work by the newcastle keeper and defender there !
how newcastle haven't conceded yet i don't know .
what a save 
how have tottenham not scored ?!
tottenham couldn't score in a brothel hahahahah
what fantastic defending by newcastle , brilliant
sub : tottenham hotspurs
how did newcastle keep that out
come on spurs fucking get a goal back hate newcastle
omg newcastle well done !!!!
c'mon newcastle
spurs vs newcastle
how did that one stay out !? 
loool its real peak for tottenham
how on earth did newcastle keep that out ! great start to second half 
 tottenham v newcastle
well done newcastle ! come on !
newcastle ! what defence !
krul has been amazing for newcastle today
great defending from newcastle
what last ditch defending from newcastle
hang on newcastle
newcastle ea loea , fokof !!
what defending by newcastle !!!
class defending from newcastle . 
how have tottenham not scored !?
tottenham are useless
come on newcastle ;)
woow ... newcastle
can hear my nan screaming for newcastle !!
omfg , krul is saving newcastle here .
lool tottenham
quality newcastle
newcastle are going so clutch right now .
newcastle are defending like beavers , jeff !
newcastle defending like lions
wouldn't begrudge newcastle a win here !
come on newcastle
jesus christ . tottenham are going to kill me 
oh my god newcastle that lucky
 you gave spain bale they gave u soldado ... the world " tottenham " is now slang in spain for easy to con clueless muppets . 
come on newcastle
loool it won't go in for tottenham . krul is possessed
what a save tim krul ! 
newcastle ke defence !
newcastle keeper is on point !
newcastle goalkeeper is going inn !
newcastle like self destructing , they are gonna mess this lead up !
there is a giant wall in front of the newcastle goal and it's glorious .
how didn't that go in ! newcastle hanging on here !
newcastle take a fucking bow unbelievable
defending ! 👏👏 newcastle
krul .. what a game for newcastle !
what a clearance ! 
wow tim krul is keeping newcastle ahead !
newcastle tlhe e lucky ... its all good though
krul is on fire 
brilliant defending newcastle
newcastle with brilliant defending
newcastle defending well ? when did this happen ?
come on man newcastle , tim krul the saviour 
fuck off krul man . what have tottenham got to do to score
krul is on fire !!!! go on newcastle !
credit to newcastle there
newcastle showing how to defend
tim krul having an absolute stormer in goal for newcastle ...
newcastle !!!! wow
tim krul has been amazing for ;-)
omg , krul has been immense ! newcastle's defence have been pin point
what a save for newcastle ! brilliant work !
fml newcastle ain't having it ! loool gwannnnn you toons !
wow come on newcastle fucking title contenders
how did newcastle clear that ??? great commitment !
unbelievable defending 
someone tell me how tottenham just missed that
that was fucking magnificent defending by newcastle
wad a clearance by the newcastle centre back ! class !!!
seriously krul stop it i backed tottenham
come on newcastle ! tim krul you beast
when they do score .. i'll feel sad for newcastle
it's a krul game for tottenham
come on newcastle !!
that defending from newcastle was incredible
waking up to find newcastle winning . how delightful 
newcastle r on it today . man like krul
wow ... krul is on fire ! will tottenham score ?
newcastle's keeper 😍🔥
oii newcastle keeper is not having ittttttt !!!!!
incredible how newcastle kept that out
what a save , newcastle hanging on
this spurs and newcastle game is flames .
incredible at the back from newcastle . incredible from krul and the defenders .
krul and the newcastle defender deserve an award for that clearance 😂
my god krul is in complete beast mode today what a save 
fucking love the newcastle keeper
yaa gana newcastle . .
where would newcastle be without tim krul ?
how on earth did they not score that , tottenham !
yoooooooo newcastle are doing tengzzzzzz
tim krul is the reason newcastle are still winning this
amazing keeping and defending by newcastle definite offside for spurs
newcastle goalie on drugs
holy shit hahahaha tottenham can't buy a goal !
newcastle got to bury this one now
tottenham best sort it out
how the hell did newcastle keep that out
what a strange team !!! stronger than that that won at newcastle though and the best front 2 in the country starting !!! 
how did newcastle keep that out ???
mate , what are newcastle doing ?
omggggggggg who is watching tottenham tim krul is crazy
hi newcastle , arsenal fans are with you .. bring your 3points home .
newcastle keeper on fire here :' o
newcastle gilaaaaaaa
wtf awesome save by newcastle
come on newcastle !!!!
newcastle keeper is on one today !! 
how on earth have newcastle not conceded ? krul is in unbelievable form
fuck me magic going on in the newcastle penalty area
unbelievable defending by newcastle .
how did newcastle keep that out ?!?
what is wrong with tottenham , they should score
unreal defending by newcastle
no fucking way newcastle
hope newcastle get another goal !
krul is having a blinder !! 
tottenham are shit tbh , they're making krul look like a world class keeper
how did that not go in ! i ❤️ newcastle
holy shit newcastle 👍
newcastle defending like beavers
this is unbelievable defending from krul and newcastle !
the ball stays out on multiple rebounds !! what a beautiful effort there by the newcastle defenders ! and krul stopping a deflected shot ! wow .
how can tottenham not score ?
how did that not go in ? won't go in for tottenham ...
again !!! tim krul ! !! 
how are newcastle winning this and how haven't we scored !!!!
what a save newcastle are playing amazing to say there a shit team
tim krul wow !!!! sickkk ! 
newcastle are defending amazingly
good ! tottenham are losing !
is life being krul to tottenham ? 
this is tottenham
newcastle are brill
yes newcastle !
newcastle are solid ! krul is unstoppable today !
newcastle is holding on by a thread !!!
omg how did newcastle survive that ??
tim krul is on top form , absolutely outstanding man ! 
brilliant krul , come on newcastle !!
newcastle goalkeeper is beast
newcastle living dangerously
newcastle living dangerously
incroyable newcastle
great stuff from newcastle especially kruel !
what's happened to newcastle ?!
newcastle's so gonna win the game today ohmy
come on newcastle !!!!
crazy defending from newcastle
how did newcastle keep that out
newcastle me font plaisir wesh
anyone mind when the newcastle keeper was falkirk's number 1 ?
how did they keep that out ? newcastle holding on , just 
an arsenal win is as good as a tottenham loss and vice versa . 
that krul double save has just proved my point . wowzers !!! tottenham v krul .
the newcastle keeper is on fire today
newcastle defense : )))
newcastle are defending brilliant
my gosh tim krul is having a great game ! tottenham 0 newcastle 1
if tottenham score i think ill cry for krul
what a defence by newcastle
that was some unreal goalkeeping and defending from newcastle 
newcastle defending like lions !!!
newcastle defending with their lives .
whew .... just had a bath after a long journey of jogging ... today's productive ! yet tired ... watching football before sleeping ! 
newcastle handing the game to spurs on a silver platter . only krul doing his best .
unbelievable from krul & newcastle
how that was not in ??? come on newcastle !!!
come on krul ! single handedly taking tottenham on ! 
come on newcastle fucking hell krul u beast how the fuck did he save that 😍
wow ! newcastle .
brilliant defending by newcastle !
54 free kick comes through the wall , krul gets a hand on it , somehow newcastle scrape it away . 0-1
wow newcastle want this . krul is not fucking about with that clean sheet bonus
nah nah nah how did tottenham miss that ? sorry but i'm dying😂😂😂
newcastle are pulling it out their arseholes .
tottenham just can't get the ball in the net !
newcastle defending like gods !!
omg newcastle !! tim krul keeping them alive !!
might not be tottenham's day
stop it now krul .. come on newcastle !!!
how on earth did keep that out the net !!
hang on newcastle
come on newcastle get another !!!!
tim krul has obviously been told i have bet on tottenham to win😠
what a cleareance from mbiwa . tottenham dominating the second hald
krul is crushing tottenham's hopes and dreams
newcastle need to calm themselves down here , nerves are showing .
how have tottenham not scored ?!?!?!?
newcastle are winning !?
nahhh newcastle dont wanna concede today
what a game !!! kill the game off newcastle
are newcastle sponsored by the ea gods or something ?
tim krul been on fire ! having a right game ! go on newcastle beat the spurs wankers .
newcastle kit looking similar to arsenals away
how on earth did newcastle keep that out ?
newcastle are defending like beavers !!
oh my god how have tottenham not scored 😱
great stuff from newcastle ! krul is on fire !!!!
hold on newcastle
since start of last season newcastle utd have more league goals ( excl own goals ) from fra players than pairs saint-germain : 30 v 26 
newcastle keeper having a brilliant game
krul is on fucking fire in the goal
how has that not gone in 
come on newcastle u thick geordie twats
some world class defending there from newcastle . spurs throwing the kitchen sink at it here
newcastle goalkeeper making some saves here 
oohhhhh omg le goal de newcastle !!!!!!! #11deurope
newcastle are defending with everything they have got !
ohhh what a brilliant save by crul !! min 54 0:1 
krul what a save ! tottenham 0-1 newcastle
newcastle are defending like beavers 😂
nah how did tottenham not score then ? 😂
 
tottenham o !!! * tears *
unbelievable clearance ! 
newcastle y sont trop chaud
this is krul on tottenham
hope newcastle can see this game out⚽️
tah ! but krul and mbiwa did a wonderful job for newcastle that was in ...
wow this newcastle keeper is un real ! another great save
newcastle away in arsenal colours against spuds ! winning 1-0 ! 
unbelievable save and then clearance 
come on newcastle !
omg newcastle . some juju there
great save from tim krul denies eriksen newcastle still leading against tottenham 1-0 54 minutes played ( baz )
krul is playing like a god , keeping newcastle in it here .
tim krul is on the glue .. 
wow . brilliant from newcastle
bloody hell how are newcastle still winning ?
how have tottenham not scored here !? 
sad to say that the newcastle keeper is having the game of his life !!!
for the players tottenham have i cant believe how they struggle some times
how the fuck have tottenham not scored
krul is having a worldie for newcastle .
wtff newcastle
tottenham couldn't fucking score in a brothel
tottenham are so shit .
come on tottenham
team newcastle
omg how did that not go in 😳 great save and clearance newcastle
newcastle are defending like beavers !!!! 
timmy boy keeping newcastle ahead . 
newcastle's defence have definitely had their weetabix this morning 
unbelievable save and defending from newcastle !
newcastle are having this
wowtim krul again really keeping newcastle in this !
newcastle will conceded a soft goal now ! how have they not found the back of the net ?
tottenham couldn't score heroin in trenton .
what's the newcastle match saying ?
how they've kept that out ?! 
spurs turning the screw but newcastle got superman in goal
go newcastle !
krul is not going to be beaten today , newcastle's day
newcastle better concede sia ... spur to win
krul is brilliant 
how the hell did that free kick not go in ?? what a save he's on massive form today 
tottenham could score 10 goals right now and krul would still be motm
if you needed any more proof that tottenham cannot score , that was it .
omg tottenham . really ?
wow , newcastle what defending you got there unlucky spurs 
motm newcastle's goalie .
newcastle goal keeper must be on about 5 es
incredible save/defending from newcastle there 😮
krul is lookin at man of the match ..! wat a game he is having ..! bad boy saves hes made ..! newcastle still infront ..!
newcastle are unreal i defending this game
this krul from newcastle is quite a star . 
i think god is in goal for newcastle today 
newcastle have been immense today .
tottenham i'm sorry but .. the fuck😂😂
newcastle's goalie is on some voodoo
krul is saving newcastle's ass big time .
how did tottenham miss ?
krul certainly saved newcastle there !
yanga-mbiwa does an oboabona for newcastle . that'll make him feel really good
unbelievable defending by newcastle !! what a performance by tim krul 
how did tottenham not score there ?
newcastle are on it
fuck off tottenham
how the hell haven't tottenham scored !? my dad is doing his nut in hahahahahaha
wait this newcastle goalie looks invincible today
newcastle defending like me yesterday
newcastle united dey worry oo
this keeper from newcastle is a fuken machine ! 
 enorme tim krul !
the gun used in newcastle to sound 11 o'clock reminds me how fortunate i am to live in a place where i never normally see guns at all .
cannot fucking believe this !!! come on tottenham !!!!
i guess it would be pretty krul if tottenham didn’t get at least a point here considering the chances they’ve had . very krul indeed .
tottenham cant score ! they just cant ! 
is just a matter time before they score . newcastle need to hold the ball .
wow newcastle what defending
haha superb defending newcastle .
the newcastle goal keeper is unbelievably good
how did that not go in ? 
omggffffgtttt whha5t55 theeeee fuckkkk newcastle are defending like theyre possesed
fuck . came home to see tottenham losing 1-0
what the fuck , how did that happen , whut . newcastle like beast
are tottenham playing brazil today ? 
damn , tim krul , can tottenham even score against him ? he's saving everything
as long as newcastle don't foul a spurs player in their box , they're guaranteed a win .
 cannot shoot the broad side of a barn .
that clearance was amazing ! come on newcastle beat these cunts 
that defending by newcastle was as beautiful as great attacking play .
get that shit outta here !! go on then newcastle !!
blimey . how on earth did newcastle keep that out !
le gardien de newcastle >>>>>>>>>>>>
newcastle definitely deserves to win this one . fantastic defending 
well done newcastle , what a save that was lol
reckon chicres for tottenham is gonna be some player
how didn't that go in ... cracking keeping and great defending there by 
krul is having the game of his life ! come on newcastle !
newcastle holding on for their lives here
what a save by the defender ! nice defending newcastle
tim krul has been amazing so far for newcastle , great saves .
that is class defending from newcastle
krul salvando o newcastle
newcastle looking like brazil with this kit looooool
nah i don't care tim krul is hard keeping newcastle in this game
newcastle jammy bastards
krul is having a blinder of a game for newcastle ... some awesome saves ... unfortunately :-/ 
the newcastle keeper is being so krul to tottenham today
tottenham has got dope football .
is the goal line technology acting as a forcefield for newcastle ?
krul has been man of the match so far ... really kept newcastle in it
how have tottenham not scored yet !? krul having a brilliant game .
newcastle are putting a shift in
krul having a belter 
goal keepers always have their best games against tottenham
tim krul is having tottenham off here like 
hadnt realised newcastle signes casilas ! wtf krul
tim krul is having a great game for newcastle ⚽️ 
newcastle emence defending ! !!
go on newcastle
wtf !!! is superman playing in goal for newcastle ???
newcastle are defending like beavers !
superb from newcastle
could do with newcastle losing
how on earth did that not go in ! if newcastle win , it's because of tim krul . 
have newcastle put a magnetic gelid across the goal to keep the ball out ?
 still holding out .....
looks like i'm right newcastle may have to score again
love that defensive work from newcastle .. there gonna win 2-1
the ball dont wanna go in for tottenham
tottenham are so shit
wow .. newcastle was lucky there .. great defending and awareness
touchline save by newcastle .... grrrr ! 
wow tottenham are soo bad
some superb goalkeeping and defending from newcastle in this match vs tottencrap .
my dad thinks yelling at the tv is gonna make tottenham do better 
what a match tim krul is on red hot form .... come on newcastle
god is being krul to tottenham . 😂😂😂
how the fuck tottenham missed that 
newcastle's defending today though
loooooooool newcastle are on tings
brilliant defending and goalkeeping by newcastle !
how did newcastle not concede there ?
how did newcastle keep that out ?!
newcastle defence wow
if the second half is guna be based on pure defensive work from newcastle this will annoy me
what heroic defending . newcastle looking the luckier side tonight .
chaos but newcastle goal still safe
tottenham will score eveentually
tim krul is doing so well ... he has kept tottenham at bay
wow . if newcastle keep a clean sheet here it'll be a miracle
krul won't be at newcastle much longer .
how did newcastle defend that !?!
y5rb bet dfa3 newcastle =))
i hate tottenham !!
krul is on fire 
tim krul is having the game of his life . unbelievable performance so far , the only thing keeping newcastle in this game . 
not had a bet in ages . decide to bet on tottenham and tim krul decides to have the game of his life !
this newcastle goalie is absolutely frightening . 
love the smell of hollister shop in newcastle
spoat ( adj . ) to be especially pleased about an adverse result for tottenham hotspur
how the fuckkk have tottenham not scored !!! 😡😡😡😡😡
wtf ? spurs were unlucky not to score . tim krul should be motm liao . newcastle are playing well
somehow , that tottenham free kick didnt score ... everything funny happened there
newcastle leading woo
tottenham are stressing me bruv
my god i can't believe newcastle are still winning
tottenham gonna have to pull something off to beat krul today ! the guys on sick form
hang on newcastle ! do it for chelsea pleeaasee
newcastle's goalkeeper is a rock .
newcastle are saving everything ! 
that newcastle defender shld be given zobo to drink , he really tried .
looks like newcastle have become a different team in the past 3 weeks or so
omg newcastle they really dot want tottenham to score lol krul is on drugs
is like tottenham cyaah find the goal
lol wow . tottenham came so close to equalising
tottenham hotspur are the worlds unluckiest team i don't give a fuck
hang in there newcastle
what a game krul is having ! keep it up newcastle !
what kinda black magic is this newcastle keeper using !! lol
too much pressure on newcastle .. crazy saves from krul
power defender newcastle organize benteng .. brilliant save tim krul
tim fucking krul is having a absolute blinder for newcastle !
tottenham should have scored
good morn world now swhotime tot vs newcastle yeahhh
newcastle deserve a clean sheet but i can't see them getting one
great defending newcastle ! keep up !
how is that even possible ? no idea how newcastle kept that ball out .
tim krul , oh my god , take a bow son . single handedly keeping newcastle ahead against spurs .
tim krul is on fire !!!! come on newcastle !!!!
wow how did tottenham not score from that free kick
oh my fucking days what a fucking game tim krul is having for newcastle if he don't get man of the match there is something wrong
one way traffic at white hart lane ! only a matter of time . 
53 ' free-kick is taken by eriksen but headed towards goal by newcastle's own player tiote , yanga-mbiwa clears
final moto gp on the telly , newcastle spurs on the laptop , don't know which way to look !! 
that is stunning defending !! 
how havent tottenham scored
fucking hell krul is doing well , haway tottenham
newcastle are hanging on for life right now !
i'm extremely happy now because spurs is 1-0 down now against newcastle
krul krul krul ! bloody amazing performance from him today ! 
anyone else watching the newcastle game ? tim krul is having and absolute stormer in goal !!
tim krul is doing sick in net for newcastle🙀
what a save from krul , he's stopping everything at the minute , great double save to keep newcastle on the lead .
kruel is having game of his life ! shock i've gone with tottenham . 
what a save by newcastle
everything is falling into place newcastle 1-0 spurs come on toon !! 
tottenham 0 - 1 tim krul . he's on fire
goalkeepers always seem to have the games of their lives against us . come on tottenham !!! 
tottenham - newcastle is on fire
how much longer can newcastle hold on for ? tottenham 13/5 newcastle 21/20 draw 21/10
tim krul has been a brick wall in goal for newcastle today
why am i even tweeting about tottenham fuck tottenham
defoe needs to get away from tottenham he's far too good to sit on the bench week in week out
come on newcastle ! krul having some game . 
this newcastle goalkeeper is very good wow !!
newcastle's keeper is in top form today !
wow ! newcastle hogging all the luck here today .
tottenham launching attack after attack to no avail
tottenham vs newcastle ; krul is playing sickkkk
 must win this . but the way it is heading , it seems will score a 91st minute penalty , again !
unreal defending and saving by newcastle and tim
what reactions from krul ! unreal 
this newcastle vs spurs game though !!!! can't wait for the next 2 games as well . wish someone in this flat enjoyed football too 😔
newcastle got me so krul .
i swear newcastle is using witchcraft this isn't possible😡
goalkeeping in past few mins by krul has been stuff of legend . 
yanga mbiwa doing great in defense for newcastle . real xhosa man !
fuck me having a stonker of a game keeping in it 
great start to the second half by tottenham .
i wish the newcastle keeper would just go away 
if tottenham loose today it'll be krul on them 
a hell of a defense from newcastle united . feast to my eyes .
solid performance by spurs despite trailing by a goal to nil . the newcastle keeper is the difference in this match . 
newcastle ' one half ' united 
oii , im rating krul for newcastle at the moment . he has made some epic saves .
how the hell are newcastle still in front !? krul has just made like 3 worldies !
hope newcastle keep this defensive display up . spurs dropping points would be sound .
wow , what a save , cmon newcastle !
newcastle have always been a decent team on there day 👍
credit to newcastle . last ditch stuff but they're doing it well . that krul is decent .
tottenham are so overrated by commentators
hateeeee when tottenham play at home there's traffic everywhere 😠
tim krul mugging tottenham off😩😂
yellow card for foul - debuchy ( newcastle ) : tottenham vs newcastle ( 54 ' ) vs 
incredible defending . keep it up newcastle .
how have tottenham not scored yet is beyond me
tim krul is having an absolute stormer for newcastle !
tottenham man you're a lot better than this , pick up the pace 
if newcastle win , krul is deffo gonna be motm !
just loool at tottenham
come on newcastle !!
come on newcastle !! 
definitely just one of those days for tottenham today !
dear god newcastle what has happened ....
wow how did newcastle keep that out !!
really dreading playing newcastle playing class atm
newcastle are on top form today !!!
i hate newcastle
newcastle deserve this
tottenham aren't scoring today 
wow , incredible reflexes krul ... hold on newcastle ...
how haven't tottenham scored yet 😲 
c'mon newcastle !! hang in there lads !
is that mr tickle in the newcastle goal , amazing saves . 
that was some brilliant work in defence . 
come on newcastle ! 
tottenham aren't going to score , are they ...
krul is an absolutely top goalie . top saves against tottenham today . brilliant .
ats a great save from tim krul their for newcastle united !
it wud b krul for newcastle to lose this now
newcastle wake up
 needs to have a statue erected with the title " newcastle's greatest ever keeper ". he's been that good . 
newcastle keeper is on fire
newcastle in yellow doesnt look right
what is uuuuuppppppp newcastle !
having fucking heart attacks ... come on newcastle !!!!
tottenham have obviously offended god
hahahahahah how didn't tottenham score there !
😳 jheeeeeeez !!! having a gud game keepin newcastle in the game !!!
tottenham just ant gunna scored today newcastle keeper is saying no 😶
newcastle are all over the place .
newcastle mais ne rompt pas ! 
i dunno if i can keep waking up so early for these ! 
tottenham your moving ducking shit on the ball fucking fix up .
newcastle seen to have a shield in front of their goal . 
tim krul is having an absolute stormer 
the newcastle keeper krul is having a perfect game .
tim krul in beast mode 
nah whether or not newcastle win this game krul has to get man of the match !
tottenham really are shit ! 
this is just krul on tottenham
newcastle defending like me yesterday 
newcastle always fuck up my bets !
i better start watching spurs vs newcastle , it seems . timeline suggests that it's full of drama & exceptional ' keeping from tim krul .
tim krul !!! you are amazing son ! man of the match by far 
 is on fire !! 
tottenham is actually shit
it's a life for players .
cut garcia some slack , he played well at chelsea and newcastle . 
if newcastle beat spurs that's given them the confidence to get into top 10 as they beat chelsea last weekend ;)
tottenham sucks . so many good players and they suck
newcastle are defending well . 
put the ball in the net tottenham .
selling gareth bale = +£86m spending on new players = -£110m tottenham still being shit = priceless 
come on newcastle mun
newcastle is a one man team
newcastle need to score another one to be safe because we all know spurs haven't took their penalty yet ! 
holy shit i'd hate to be a tottenham fan today
this is such a good time to be a newcastle fan , krul is surely the most in form keeper in the league at the moment
would love spurs/newcastle to be a draw .
newcastle have hired a witch doctor or something here . krul in inspired form !
it's hard to beat anybody with more passion than you , let alone eleven players . newcastle isn't giving this one away
la chatte de newcastle
that was some defending ! newcastle need another goal though otherwise spurs are gonna take over
c'mon newcastle !
come on newcastle !!!!!!!!!!!!
newcastle showing a bit of heart for the club at last ! keep it up !!
tottenham a work ih keepa tho
newcastle are trying as hard as possible to win
it’s really been krul on tottenham this game , nothing going their way .
ridiculous clearance from newcastle then ! just thought it was a goal .
come on newcastle
krul is having a well good game for tottenham !
good match on spurs newcastle
i think the way it is going tottenham hotspur are not going to score today . tim krul looks in great form .
hahaha tottenham ! krul u crazy fuck
swear every keeper has a worldy against tottenham !!!
let's hope newcastle hang on ! lol ! phew ! glad goalies have good days against other teams not just lfc :)
krul is on fire for newcastle
krul has been quality for newcastle
gonna be 1 of those days for tottenham . 
newcastle abr3
tim krul being cruel to tottenham right now 
if only tottenham had a top class winger to turn to for inspiration ...
this tottenham pressure though
c'mon newcastle !!!
stan collymore is a fucking knob head i would listen to commentary on bbc newcastle if i wasn't on a dongle ! quality by tim krul 
omg tim krul is having the game of his life in goal for newcastle 
tottenham wan kill newcastle with quick tempo oooooo !! 
dunno if i'm watching newcastle or hedgley with the goal keeper keeping them in the match single handily
tim krul is is on top form 
tottenham will score though . the pressures too much .
newcastle better win this now
what's gotten into newcastle . 2 weeks in a row !
no , not newcastle vs . spurs , but tim krul vs . spurs .
unbelievable !!! krul is denying spurs repeatedly !! newcastle need another goal soon !
newcastle starting to sit back a bit
it's alright newcastle , you're not the only team who's keeper is the best player
great defending there ! whoever that newcastle french player is
come on newcastle !
the newcastle keeper is pure quality 👏
newcastle defence is unreal
tim krul is having a blinder for newcastle .
how did tottenham not score there !
wow ... tim krul will not be beaten today .. 
tottenham playing very coward these days ...
top quality defending from newcastle
defending and goalkeeping at the lane 
that was incredible from newcastle , krul on top form !
come on newcastle !
c'mon newcastle hang on !
hope we don't face this tim krul when we play newcastle
ouch ! tim crul keeping newcastle in this ... 
mathieu debuchy booked against spurs - suspended for norwich's visit to newcastle in a fortnight . 
sounds like tim krul is keeping newcastle in this game .
brad friedel ( 42-176 ) becomes the 4th oldest player in era and the oldest player outside great britain/ireland . 
you could say , krul is a keeper 
newcastle leading plk
the newcastle keepers having a stormer today
tim crul will never play better in a single game than he is now ..... newcastle needs some possesion
love that my dads from newcastle , gives me an excuse to go there loads and i love it🙊
come on newcastle !
how many chances do spurs need tho ??? tim krul has been on point for newcastle
10-armed man in newcastle goal
kwani how many voodoo doctors did krul newcastle keeper go to ? 
krul has kept newcastle in the lead , no doubt about it
newcastle need to stop fucking about and get another goal .
newcastle was great ! 100% off it for life tho after vomming 6 times in silverburn car park 
the tottenham squad is as effective as wanking in a sock and telling your mum it's 
the match between spurs and newcastle though ..
i think newcastle have gone ahead and covered their goal with cling film .
what a save and clearance ! 
astro channel 831 - spurs vs newcastle
newcastle's on the line defence is simply majestic . big man krul
how are tottenham not level yet ?
i just can't believe the save by goal keeper n then by defender of newcastle ! tot should have scored 
newcastle you be nothing without tim krul today 
c'mon newcastle
how have tottenham not scored ... 
without a doubt tim krul has been man of the match so far . kept newcastle ahead
newcastle defending with their lives ! 
fuck off newcastle man krul you donkey . c'mon spurs
good god newcastle have been sublime !
krul has been decent so far . hope he's not like that when we play newcastle !
what bullshit , is today friday 13th maybe .... newcastle using all their lives but spurs goal will come !!! 
newcastle been flying high after that win against chelsea
spurs n newcastle demma match is really interesting
newcastle's away jersey looks cool
krul is stopping tottenham by himself ! great save after the deflection ! 
ey newcastle .. why ??
there's playing well and getting exceptionally lucky .. newcastle are doing the latter . 
heroic stuff from newcastle today ! 
how the fuck do tottenham always make every goalkeeper have their best game
football is so exciting when you have bets on !!!!! c'mon tottenham you little shits
goaline clearance of the season there by newcastle 
this newcastle guys gotta be serious ...
wow !!!!! outstanding goalkeeping by tim krul and determined defending by newcastle !! very impressive ! 
how did tottenham not score there . amazing saves by tim krul ! 
latest : tottenham 0-1 newcastle - ( remy ) 
its just that close for tottenham , but they miss .
newcastle hired a couple of builders to put a brick wall in front of their goal today .
newcastle needs to close the game early
tottenham sucks
this newcastle defence is in jedi mode . yoh !
tottenham vs newcastle's game is fucking exciting . newcastle defending like walls of steel
newcastle been very good but think spurs bit afraid to throw themselves fully forward with bigger gap between friedel and backline . uk
mon the newcastle
i hope newcastle win this just for kruls performance
newcastle goalkeeper tim krull having an amazing game . 
and the ball somehow scrambles off the newcastle goal line ! what a clearance by yang mbiwa .
newcastle getting run around in the 2nd half .
 defending incredible , especially tim krull
not sure what newcastle fed tim krul for breakfast but he's unbeatable so far ! 
it is not newcastle vs tottenham , it is krul vs tottenham . brilliant goalkeeping , he isn't letting anything pass through ... 
tottenham should be like 1394-1 up i swear
it must be so krul to tottenham fans that they can't beat the newcastle keeper .
this is finishing 2-1 to newcastle
i give krull man of the match . spurs vs newcastle united is a good match .
krul i swear if i lived in newcastle id buy you a meal you don ! 
what marvellous keeping from the newcastle goal keeper !
“ how have tottenham not scored ? the goalkeeping had been amazing ! ” answered your own question there lad .
tottenham your moving fucking shit on the ball ; fucking fix up .
this is krul on tottenham 
newcastle utd goalkeeper saving goals within an inch of his ife , fast actioned game so far ... get in super sundays
wow you will struggle to see a better goal keeping performance all season 
tim krul is a beast . one of the best shot-stoppers in the league . 
goodjob newcastle
spuds spend over 100m & losing to newcastle . that's almost the same interest wonga utd charge .
 are very lucky indeed !
come on newcastle cant stand spurs since we were robbed in the fa cup ... 
ridiculous football going on during newcastle spurs game ... the number of times i've said " how did that not go in the goal !!!!"
if i hated tottenham i would tweet ' king krul ' now but i don't so you can have that one for free
tim krul is on fire for newcastle
krul keeping tottenham out , wow
* when * tottenham start scoring regularly they'll be unstoppable . i think .
krul on top form today . newcastle need to wake up
tim krul is so sick !!! come on newcastle !
tim krul shayeeeel el freee8 kellaa :o man of the match ashkaaraaa 
this is pissing me off tottenham arghhh
if tottenham a performance in this second half was an enemy song . it would definitely be pressure
newcastle ruthless , spurs toothless .
gwan newcastle mash the spuds
and tottenham keeps knocking on newcastle's door ... will they open ?
newcastle winning because their opponent loses their yellow jersey in tat patch of sun that's ungodly bright 
tottenham just can't score today . newcastle have them rattled but spurs still dominating .
newcastle utds defensive rates are unbelievable that's some a grade shit right here oooh kill em
come on , dig deep ! 
if only newcastle still had demba ba .......
barclays premier league | 55 ' played 0 - 1 ( 13 ' remy ) 
newcastle's defence , especially krul is on fire
tim krul take a bow , some outstanding saves !! keeping newcastle ahead in this game !! 
definition of heroic goal mouth defending & keeping by newcastle .
can newcastle hang on ? some game
newcastle are looking like a different team this half - rubbish .
to be honest if this carries on spurs will hammer newcastle
this is krul for tottenham who really should have scored this half
never seen newcastle defend like this for a long time . the lads are actually wanting this 
tim krul ... serious reflexis .... newcastle do de job
tim krul is keeping newcastle in this game 
£100m worth of talent as we can't even score against newcastle . 
krul is on absolute top form . 
tottenham can't score today😂
come on newcastle beat the scum
this spurs vs newcastle game has got to be the most entertaining game i've seen all year 
newcastle need a 2nd goal asap
get a goal on the counter to shut the fans up , come on newcastle !!!!
even if newcastle lose tim krul has to get motm
tim krul 
newcastle keeper is having a worldy game , sit down yids !
how have tottenham not scored yet ?
surely no way newcastle will hold out here
tottenham ..... i'd soon say whether them offend someone for village .
tottenham aren't that good after all .
ffs tim krul i bet against newcastle and he's having a worldie game
let's all laugh at tottenham
man like krul might just give newcastle a clean sheet . save after save !
i hope newcastle won't crumble from this pressure .
only a matter of time until tottenham score , newcastle panicking for everything now .
newcastle defence power ah
tottenham vs newcastle gros match tim kurl the best pour l'instant sur ce match
think am missing by not watching this newcastle versus spurs game ....
newcastle parked the bus or what !!
if newcastle lose this game it will be krul on their goalkeeper who's played out of his skin .
not sure how tottenham aren't winning 7-1
tottenham are so shit atm we can't score its so frustrating
tim krul is unbelievable what a game for him .. come on newcastle !!
outrageous away kit from newcastle . no you are not brazil !
if newcastle had any other goalkeeper we would be into double figures by now ! 
tottenham is as predictable as me when im playing fifa
that was ridic by newcastle . 😳
come on newcastle !!!!! 😄😄😄
not sure how newcastle are still ahead . living dangerously is an understatement !
c'mon newcastle !
newcastle are defending like spartans lool
krul is playing a blinder ! come on newcastle !
newcastle hanging on
what happened to lfc 2 years ago is happening to tottenham now . creating so many chances but keeper seems to become super-human at home .
lmao tottenham fucking cursed
tottenham hotspur . making opposing goalkeepers play their best ever games since 1882 .
newcastle defenders are on their toes .
krul keeping newcastle in this , boss saves
are newcastle playing well cuz they are in the colours of brazil ?
newcastle need more men back nd just play the counter to remy
newcastle winning because their opponent loses their yellow jersey in that patch of sun that's ungodly bright 
 - how did that stay out ?? hehehehe . nway newcastle living dangerously !!!
newcastle putting in one hell of a brave performance . can we hold on
the ball just won't get inside the newcastle's goal . what an exciting game . 
tottenham_hotspurs 0 vs 1 newcastle united .... da game z still on .
tottenham with an absolute onslaught non-stop . it's krul vs tottenham currently . 
newcastle are a poor team . if they never krul they would be on the championship
newcastle all over spuds .
newcastle have goat weather the storm , come on .
tim krul is having an amazing game . hes kept newcastle in it 
tim krul made some oustanding saves just then ! unbelievable ! keeping them ahead , still 1-0 to newcastle ! 
god ! newcastle keeper is having a big actuation ! he is saving his team
what a save from krul and the defence . amazing two saves from 
tottenham are playing better stuff in this second .!! 
54 ' soldado gagal lagi . | tottenham hotspur 0 - 1(remy 12 ' ) newcastle | 
toon fans thankful that joe kinnear brought tim krul to newcastle
so happy tottenham beat us to all the players they beat us to .
vilken match tottenham vs newcastle :) tagga skene if live stream 
newcastle's keeper is very krul . saving almost everything shot at him
so weird to see newcastle in yellow and blue , they look like norwich
knowing newcastle we'll concede an absolutely shit goal then go on to lose 
when are tottenham going to use harry kane or jermaine defoe ? why do i still think avb is a good manager , he clearly isn't .
whats the tottenham score ?
come on newcastle !! good save from krul !
krul playing against tottenham , so obviously going for keeper of the year .
man of the match so far , newcastle deserve to win just because of him
tottenham vs tim krul 
tottenham doing some relentless attacking - winning the midfield battle against newcastle
that was krul on tottenham .
newcastle deserves an they're giving their all holding meanwhile is lost .
omg how the hell did that not go in v keeper krul is brilliant today
howay newcastle weather the storm .
newcastle weathering the storm 
woke up from my nap to find newcastle beating tottenham 0-1 , is this a dream ?
newcastle rattles
newcastle game is a peach 👌 top quality football 👍
great night with all the boys again . newcastle bound to watch the football then sleep 😴
talksport : " they ( tottenham ) need a bit impotence "
how much did tottenham waste on this soldado ? hahaha
newcastle defending like heroes
give that newcastle defender a trophy . wtf ,??
come on newcastle 
this newcastle keeper is something else
tim krul \m/ string of saves keeping newcastle lead intact . spurs should have been 2-1 up if not for krul .
only a matter of time before tottenham get their goal !
newcastle are too much rt there going in
 is a beast ! having the game of his life right now ! the dutchman reacts brilliantly ! vs 
krul on top form for newcastle today ! ⚽️
outstanding from krul and titus mbiwa but newcastle can't keep this pressure out for much longer
tottenham newcastle seems more like a champions league final . every move is just captivating u blink u miss . krul is a true wonder .
newcastle are on flames 🔥
tottenham pressing better now !
tottenham will not get top 4 no way
this newcastle keeper's having the game of his life here .
this newcastle side this season has a lot of fight in them !
newcastle wake up
newcastle keeper got some mad reflex
i say again , tottenham hotspuds couldn't get it in if newcastle went for a cuppa . 
krul is on fire ! newcastle want this !!
i'm enjoying watching krul be the best keeper in the world . especially coz its against tottenham aswell . lool
no composure at all from at the back
the day avb stops wanking to the tape of the one decent game townsend had and puts llamela on , tottenham will be unreal
newcastle really want this by the looks of it
would love it if newcastle nick another on the break hahah
watching this newcastle keeper is like watching me all them years ago on hough end
there's no way newcastle will hold out with all the opportunities spurs are getting on goal .
meanwhile totteham 0-1 newcastle to mufc vc afc
tim krul has literally kept newcastle in this . amazing performance and what a clearance from yanga-mbiwa . come on 
newcastle sitting on pins and needles , hang in there geordies
newcastle united , solid at the back .
bet 1 newcastle double chance @ 1.33 stake : 10
cmon newcastle
good finish loic remy , spurs 0-1 newcastle 
how are tottenham still a goal down after two clear cut opportunities ?!
spurs vs newcastle newcastle leading the host with 1 goal , please spurs we have to win this match ! go go go ! come on you spurs ! 
newcastle's defending in this game is pretty good
krul is having the game of his life ! come on tottenham
come on newcastle !
how comes whenever tottenham play the opposing keeper has the game of his life . it happens too much nowadays . 
spurs vs newcastle ... good game
if newcastle win this game it's all down to tim krul 
if the walker-townsend duo is so predictable that newcastle close them down , why doesn't dembélé or paulinho join them ?
what is it with spurs against newcastle , why do was struggle so much ..... 
newcastle 1-0 up at tottenham . remy with the goal . 7 goals in 7 games for the frenchman . krul with some fantastic saves . 35 mins to go .
watch tottenham v newcastle via streaming
has krul the newcastle keeper had a better game ? the mans inspired . that last save was unreal .
dulan about tottenham sia seriously
tottenham ain't never scoring here
spurs all over newcastle at the minute though , need to get a hold of the ball cos they'll level it up sooner rather than later .
newcastle are playing fut
tim krul's a wanker , got tottenham on my bet .
ya a sham that tim krul is not english he is having a grate game for newcastle again tottenham
this newcastle keeper is playing out of his mind right now
tim krul must know av got money on newcastle
too early for newcastle to just sit back and defend .
defoe would have slotted by now , these average tottenham players making krul look amazing btw fuck auto correct
newcastle should buy their goalie ... tim krul an island ....
tottenham are just ...
 so what time are tottenham getting their penalty at ?
tottenham staff complaining about newcastle being able to play a genuine , bonified octopus in goal 
tim krul cost newcastle £ 220,000 love to see it !!! great player always was since he took the number one jersey at the toon
i kno im late but newcastle winning 1-0 💃 man like remy 🙌 but tottenham so gonna win this game the way theyre playin
newcastle better hold in to the ball or this will be chavs wba all over again .
please hold on newcastle
since when was newcastle this good ?
come on newcastle united !
if youre not watching the vs game youre missin out😳
oh myy 
tottenham players just keep diving on the ball before its even a free kick here
newcastle are excelling themselves . 
are newcastle and southampton in the " big club " bracket now ? they both seem just as in it as spurs or everton if i'm honest .. 
newcastle fighting like beavers ! #2pl
55 mins : vurnon anita is getting ready to come on here as newcastle find themselves under pressure . 0-1 
go on newcastle ladssss !
beat baby france .. i mean newcastle
jregar tottenham - newcastle
tottenham goal is on the horizon surely
started poor this second half , come on newcastle
tim krul is onit for newcastle
come on newcastle !
i think tottenham fans were forgetting the silence for remembrance sunday is only for 2 minutes and not for 45 minutes
anyone who's not watching the spurs v newcastle game needs to go do just that . krul is a freak ! how have we not scored 
i said a few years back when he was coming into the newcastle team that he's a cracking keeper . krul has been superb .
newcastle to score on the break
tottenham are fucking shit this season ! krul's playing class tho 
tottenham are so poor
pls newcastle
keep it up newcastle !! 
tottenham will get a penalty and this will probably end up a draw
tim krul is on fire ! looking unstoppable so far this afternoon ! would love to see the toon take 3points at tottenham !
how the hell did tottenham not score then
spurs rampant against newcastle without scoring lol 
king krul 
big respect to the the tottenham fans for being silent for 45 minutes . great respect for remembrance sunday
come on you newcastle . show them who u are .
this is the krul that took newcastle to 6th last season .. looks so stunning when he is in prime form .. 
 with some good pressure on in the 2nd half . still have yet to get a goal . 
fair play to newcastle doing well atm !! 
train announcer keeps mentioning places in yorkshire and making me wanna get on those trains instead of one to stupid newcastle :(
tim krul is on fire for newcastle !
hordes of football fans walked past tottenham war memorial during the service . 2 stopped to pay their respects . only 2
krul doing excellent to keep newcastle ahead
newcastle incredible . what did pardew do at half time ?
newcastle should give krul a day or two off if they don't concede ... wow what a game he is having !
did tottenham really paid 30 mil for soldado ? fred is worth 10 mil and would have scored way more goals
that newcastle jersey is lovely . 
newcastle keep hold of the ball !
newcastle are holding on the edge of a thread , loool
tothenam-newcastle cst un match trop intense
tottenham vs newcastle sunderland vs man city man utd vs arsenal swansea vs stoke city
this . newcastle spurs game reminds me of aidan's vs rossett #2banksof4
newcastle is unreal the goalie is amazinfg holy
newcastle keeper should be awarded man if the match .
how has that been kept out by newcastle . jesus christ .
tim krul - the cat ! come on newcastle
come on newcastle 
some great defending there by newcastle but under the cosh a bit now
a newcastle , sunderland and united win today would do nicelyyy
what defending by newcastle
c'mon newcastle ! 
newcastle 1-0 ? looool
how did newcastle keep that out ?? replay makes it look even more impossible . amazing !
how have tottenham not scored ? lol
guys i'm stealing wi-fi from my couch and watching the football for the first time in ages ! spurs v newcastle ? yes please !
how are tottenham losing to newcastle 
watching spurs vs newcastle and it's been a while since i've seen such a spectacular goalkeeping display ! well done krul . 
tottenham still losing sha ..... how many goals have they scored this season from open-play sef .
1.54 on tottenham goal and 2 more corners to tottenham ( ft9 )
i think inability to score yet might have something to do with the colour of newcastle's jersey need . 
i hope this remains like this . spurs vs newcastle
unbelievable clearance by newcastle . 
the football gods is with newcastle
looks like tottenham need a pen
newcastle rattled they need possession to calm down the game
totally forgot spurs and newcastle was an early kick off ! 
newcastle deserve to win this just for krul
what a save ! what a clearance off the line ! if the spurs don’t score soon , newcastle will on a counter…
tottenham losing before our man utd game would be like a good omen ! 
newcastle's goalkeeper gats to be the man of the match ahhh the saves hs pulling off
newcastle will score another goal
triple save and a great clearance for newcastle . they're under it atm ! 
come on newcastle !!!!! love it !!!!!!!
the newcastle goalkeeper is having a blinder .... come on spurs xxxx
this tottenham vs tim krul game is rather amusing ! &brothelclichecomestomind
tim krul showing the quality that we all know he has . some top saves to still leave newcastle ahead . 51m .
tottenham playing like a team on fifa 
what a game tim krul is having !! 
nothing i like more than seeing tottenham 1 0 down
fucking hell newcastle man . have the players forgot to come out for the 2nd half
krul n the newcastle defence working
hold on newcastle !
what has happened to newcastle ?
tim krul is playing a stormer in goal for newcastle , some top drawer saves from him keeping newcastle in the lead . 
tim krul double save of the season & yanga mbiwa clearance of the season . newcastle are on one 
jealous that my dads in a box at the tottenham newcastle game , lucky twat
 is on top form today ! how has he kept them chances out !? v 
newcastle or tottenham . sengit
newcastle gonna concede
newcastle : 1 me : 0 
pressure on newcastle ......
i'm pretty sure tottenham and man utd are not gonna make the top 4
tottenham's inability to score has been a frustration for a few years now , but this season it is ridiculous how difficult we make it look .
newcastle are defending well .
this tottenham vs newcastle game is quite entertaining
c'mon newcastle !
i hope to god , ben arfa doesn't come on for newcastle , ill get full 6 points from baker .
very honoured to lay a wreath at the tottenham war memorial as part of the remembrance service today . good to see so many people there .
disappointing i can only see a spurs equaliser coming in this game , newcastle really need to nick a goal 
tim krul is despicably obnoxious , but if newcastle take 3 points here , i'll be the first to say thank you . 
newcastle defending for their lives here still 0-1
 has such a good individuals , cant figure out why cant they play beautiful football together . 
comfortable for newcastle so far , tim krul's been a spectator ...
newcastle leading
tottenham lack a second option going forward
this tottenham and newcastle game is not to bad watching 
the defensive performance by krul and newcastle is on a path to be one of the best in history 
10/10 for defending from newcastle there
newcastle need the second goal . the spurs pressure is building .
tottenham are playing so messy
this is resurgence of newcastle ...
jesus christ tim krull the newcastle keeper is on stunning form today !! from on keeper to another this guy deserves man of the match 
keep the pressure on 
great save from tim krul denies eriksen newcastle still leading against tottenham 1-0 54 minutes played
not going to loose the beard till i see daniel bryan wrestle at newcastle on tuesday night . you have to 
the newcastle goal is leading a charmed life . that and krul is having an absolute blinder ! 
hope newcastle hold this win ..
newcastle goalkeeper in one word
the newcastle goal is leading a charmed life .
come on newcastle keep this up !
how how how did krul and newcastle keep that out . unreal
come on tottenham !! lets do this !!! yid army !
😂 the newcastle background staff all just went " what a fucking save " in that replay there ! haha
what a clearance by newcastle👍
krul is the only reason newcastle aren't 7-1 down
this game has been krul on tottenham ... no .. okay then
newcastle one man team second half
amazing second half so far 😍 bring on anita and cisse . 
how many fouls have newcastle givens away ? worst discipline league past two years and this year again i'll bet
man , that is the best moments of newcastle
it would be so krul if newcastle conceded .
krul ain't letting nothing go in his goal today .. come on newcastle !!
newcastle doing big tings right now !
super match entre totthenam et newcastle
backed newcastle , arsenal and randys
amazing number of newcastle fans at spurs for such an early kickoff . might be a bunch of idiots but that is fantastic support
this newcastle means business☆ 
will be a good result for us if newcastle win and united win 
newcastle have been amazing !!!
how ȋs newcastle and krul still keeping a clean sheet .. brilliant display by krul so far ...
newcastle on a mad one
" to dare is to do " daring to be mediocre is the lifestyle choice for tottenham . 
unreal last ditch defending by newcastle there .!! great save by krul as well !
i'm going for 2-0 or 3-1 newcastle
tim krul is saving newcastle today 3 sick saves already
best play from tottenham this season ! incredible saves from krul .. 
tempted with a tottenham goal , but krul pulling off some stunning saves !
tottenham are so boring , soldado is a ghost
tottenham are all over the place
krul keeping the score in favor of newcastle for now
tim krul is saving newcastle right now
spurs now all over newcastle
could it be that newcastle is about to claim another " big name " scalp ?
got a good feeling about this newcastle game ! gran better move home !
tim krul is very underrated 
just hang in there newcastle
hahaha look at that newcastle player behind avb ( sitting just in front of ben arfa) . he was enjoying that save as well lol .
tim krul is playing world class for ! 100% 
tottenham are so unlucky
can newcastle keep spurs out for another 35 minutes ?
when did newcastle start wearing yellow ?
sissoko shoots straight into the palms of freidel . corner to newcastle .
current score : tottenham 0-1 norwich city
tottenham need a putter because they are getting parred .
newcastle players are so powerful
it's official , god doesn't want tottenham to prosper today
come on newcastle
what a save frm team krul . newcastle al dhe way folks .....
it's too early in the game for newcastle to retreat into a defensive shell .
tottenham have no chance at getting into the top four
tottenham caught on the counter attack . almost conceeded
krul's doing fabulously ! hope newcastle can see it out .
tottenham defence got split so easily by one player :/
newcastle have stopped doing what they did so well in the first half .
what a good game spurs v newcastle is . super sunday might live up to its name today .
you know you're crap when newcastle are better than you 
what have newcastle had for breakfast ?
omg tottenham . krul has made the sickest saves today maybe saldado will get a pen seems to b the only way he can score
love watching newcastle when they're dressed like brazil
come on newcastle find the 2nd . spuds are shit
come on newcastle need another goal here 
an unbelievable double save from krul keeps newcastle in front ! good game this !!
gwan krul !!!! 
newcastle are fighting like beavers today
newcastle will kru-mble eventually . 
smart that newcastle kit reminding me of the brazil kit .
paulinho has 100% pass completion this half .. for newcastle
yess newcastle !
tottenham spent a lot of money in the summer and you could argue ( early days ) that not one of their signings have paid dividend .
mixer meetup at newcastle anyone
we are tottenham , super tottenham ( losing to newcastle ) from the lane , we are tottenham , super tottenham ( at home )
newcastle's defense right now >>>
newcastle mean bizniz
how did that not go in ? incredible by the newcastle defender
i will never forgive newcastle for that 4-4 draw .
what do have to do to score !?!?!
yoh yoh yoh newcastle * claps once *
over 1.5 goals in this tottenham game , looks definite !
wake up to a newcastle lead , gorgeous
the form of the french national team depends wholly on the form of newcastle united fc ... 
i actually believe tottenham fans are the most loyal by far . i don't know many fans that would stay true after the shit we deal with
tottenham isn't doing so well
spurs defence cant handle newcastle haha
why is it that paulinho plays class for brazil and turd for tottenham
nw totthenam vs newcastle 
newcastle are on fire
that's the best defence i've seen from newcastle 👀
if it wasn't for krul . newcastle would have already been on there way home
newcastle are wearing a snide arsenal kit !!!! 
dis newcastle keeper earning his pay 2day
why is john noakes on tottenham bench 
tim kruls on fire for newcastle !!
what a game krul is having for newcastle 
newcastle has to break at some point . krool is on fire .
newcastle need 2 secure one more goal !
newcastle will win this
hold them newcastle
tottenham continue to overplay the ball
krul with two brilliant saves !! newcastle united still 1 goal ahead
c'mon newcastle .
never thought i'd say it but yanga mbiwa , some defending right there for newcastle
i don't understand how the ball has stayed out of the newcastle goal ...
krul in amazing form for newcastle today . made some really good saves .
lol newcastle winning , music to my ears
newcastle are wearing 's away jersey . ;-)
 , that was an amazing bit of defending , from the replay from above the goal , it showed how bloody good it was 
my god newcastle have been unreal !
if newcastle win this match , krul is the motm
so glad we're playing newcastle end of december . they should be shit again by then ...
newcastle are on form today !
come on newcastle !
newcastle play arsenal . play averagely . tim krul looks like an average keeper . newcastle play spurs . playing well . tim krul play like a god ?
playing newcastle united ladies vs sheffield united ladies f.c. 
come on newcastle do us a favour n beat the scum !!! 
newcastle doing well . howay the lads
how the fuck are we still goalless ? tim krul is keeping newcastle in this ... 
tottenham time of 1st goal is over evens . i'm all on that 
this totts v newcastle game has some good examples of the old adage that the best breaks start in the opponent's half .
tottenham is playing like crap
townsend is tottenham best player
the defensive performance by krul and newcastle is on a path to be one of the best in history 
newcastle utd goalie is having the game of his life . some amazing stops .
what a save krul :o .... come on newcastle ... don't let the yellow and blue kit down
newcastle desperately wants to gift spunks a goal . wake up ffs
tottenham have surely got to score
newcastle have defiantly parked the bus or tiote's forehead , they are both the same size ! 
come on newcastle !!!
newcastle has severe inconsistency issues . one time they play like a cl team , other times they play very badly
don't like it when newcastle are under constant pressure - need an outlet 
tottenham v tim krul , phenomenal saves so far 
what a clearance by yanga m'biwa! newcastle could pull this result out of the bag ! 
we need sunderland , newcastle , arsenal to win to keep us 5th
go on my break to find out it's 1-0 newcastle !!!
newcastle win is a good result for liverpool
can see newcastle pinching a 2nd here .
go newcastle
newcastle getting closer to the 2nd !
krul on fire ... hold in there newcastle
more praise for stan collymore from me - listening to him on talk radio at the spurs v newcastle game , and he offers genuine insight .
imagine if newcastle score a 2nd tho
so keen to the day tottenham would actually win 
so 1-0 newcastle , who would have thought that !
tottenham aint gunna score !
keep holding on newcastle !
now newcastle is winning earth's just can't stop spinning 
fucking hell tottenham
newcastle's defending is just 👌
it's coming for spurs . newcastle please get a grip
newcastle united are showing great spirit today . 
aw i hate tottenham so much !!!
jan tomaszewski in goal for newcastle today ( one for the oldies there )
newcastle just refuse to concede : l
newcastle defenders marking really well in the box . 
c'mon tottenham !!!
how lucky are newcastle !
cmon newcastle !!!
this newcastle defence !
krul has been tottenham's biggest menace , where is lukaku when you need him ?
krul doing a great job for newcastle
come on newcastle
i can see newcastle getting a second .
newcastle defending like beavers 
newcastle are defending like beaver's 
newcastle defending with everything ....
i hate spurs but i want newcastle to win just for krul !
tottenham with an absolute onslaught non-stop . it's krul vs tottenham currently . 
newcastle hanging on
newcastle defending so well
if only tottenham had a finisher like defoe ..... wait ... they have him .... on the bench
newcastle maintain that result its a good result too for manchester teams
newcastle will win this
newcastle are defending like absolute beavers
jesus christ newcastle ! have a better goal keeper !
i'll be amazed if newcastle hold on to this
newcastle are defending well
newcastle playing with fire now , if they don't change something , they'll eventually concede
some mind-blowing defending and goalkeeping here from newcastle
newcastle beating the yi oops ( not allowed to say that ) tottingham . who'd of thunk it
come on newcastle you geordie cunts ! beat the scum !
spurs are woeful we should be burying newcastle not what we are doing right now
great effort this from newcastle so far
newcastle is fighting hard
come on tottenham . keep pressing , it's coming .
newcastle keeper is on fire !!
 at their weakest
other than west ham no team cross the ball from wide with less chance of anything happening than tottenham . yet they continue . 
tottenham are having a shocker
newcastle defence brilliant
newcastle defence like rock yc
since when we're newcastle this good ?
newcastle , s defence is very sound
newcastle defending so top .
newcastle having their game of the season !
tottenham are sooooooo shit looooool .. but don't worry they're still better than arsenal .. like every year
what a match tempo !! min 58 0:1 
english premier league 19.00 wib - tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united - bein sport 3 ( live )
newcastle are defending like stallions ooh
newcastle keeper and defenders having the game of their lives 
tottenham are mashing work
newcastle are defending hard mehn
the newcastle players seem utterly bereft of any understanding of the offside rule . it's becoming as embarrassing as it is frustrating .
tottenham misses 2chances of scoring but all miss by soldano
some incredible defending and goalkeeping from newcastle here .
krul is newcastle
how much did tottenham pay for soldado ?
debuchy has been absolutely insane for newcastle this season
much more like the tottenham we know and love ! finally more urgency and pace !!
come on newcastle 👏
this could be a perfect weekend if newcastle win this and then arsenal draw
j ' aime le match tottenham-newcastle !
haha tottenham wasted so much money on soldado and paulinho
lol my neighbours are tottenham fans and i can hear their suffering . it's making me really happy .
newcastle united is the england platinum stars
omg ! newcastle ! defending . wow .
y does everybody want tottenham to lose
c'mon newcastle👌⚽️
any chance tottenham ?
tottenham are the most frustrating team to support
newcastle's away kit is terrible .
spurs v newcastle is end to end , class game !
can tell from twitter how newc/spurs is going - krul made a good save , townsend/spurs below par , newcastle winning/playing well . synopsis ?
newcastle a defend fi dem life lol
newcastle's defence mehn ...
it'd be krul on newcastle if spurs scored .
krul having a great game hope newcastle hold on !
i need tottenham to score too . have this down as a draw .
it's looking more and more like newcastle's day with each passing minute
i love that desperate defending from newcastle there . fantastic
ford super sunday and roast dinner tonight ⚽️🐓
this has 2-0 newcastle written all over it
for once the newcastle defence is actually looking solid ! 
tottenham go kill dis newcastle eh !! chaii see quick counter and madt tempo ooo
some good defending on newcastle part . helping krul a lot .
tottenham - newcastle , quel match !
newcastle need another goal .
i like watching newcastle play
tottenham have scored the same amount of goals as norwich this season . for spending like 70 mil on new forward players , it's wrong !
live streaming tottenham vs newcastle
how fucking lucky are newcastle ?!?!?!
turned into a good game here fancy newcastle to go 2 up though sorus couldn't score in a whore house
end to end stuff between spurs and newcastle !! 
newcastle playing with 10men here this amoebi fella is soooooo useless
make thus newcastle no go give us problems come december o
tim krul making some amazing saves ... keeping newcastle in it .
spurs vs newcastle , end to end stuff
tottenham driving forward looking for an equaliser 
give all the newcastle defence knighthoods .
tottenham will score through a tim krul mistake
really should've betted on newcastle to win ...
since when newcastle defense are amazing without coloccini ?
newcastle have too much heart
tim krul is a fucking superstar !!! he should represent netherlands instead of stekelenburg ... 
this newcastle defence is something else tonight . 
newcastle a late bloomer for the season perhaps ?
newcastle parking the aeroplane ?
newcastle defensively have been superb
watching newcastle vs tottenham hapa mombasa raha club , mororo , tana river county . newcastle tayari wana moja , 56th minute .
newcastle are defending excellent
just how haven't tottenham scored yet ?
no matter who is in charge of newcastle , they seem to defend the same . it's like watching kids play !
hope newcastle win this game against spurs l
end to end play here !! come on newcastle . . .
this game has become so live ! 
tottenham vs newcastle . amazing 2nd half so far 
i hate tottenham but i rate defo avb is a mad man
newcastle will get a chance on the brek . they just have to make sure they take it .
tim krul making unbelievable saves ! great defence shown by newcastle !
newcastle krul kruled the ball ..... magnificent save !!!!
krul playing well for newcastle ? 
newcastle deserve a clean sheet for this , krul is on fire !
newcastle are doing great to contain this onslaught from spurs this second half . impressed with both sides .
i hate newcastle
this spurs newcastle game is fire
where would newcastle be if we didnt give them their best player ?
oi newcastle are about doing arsenal favours !
without ben afra newcastle look more like a unit
newcastle keeper is doing class
newcastle spurs is great fun , both teams fighting like hell
as if my internet cut out when i tried to put a bet on remy scoring first and newcastle winning 2 - 1 🙈
krul ' ll save a pen today if newcastle concede one .. hes that good ...
newcastle is really defending this thing well . 
given their recent upturn in form liverpool's result against newcastle is starting to look like a good point .
newcastle's defence had a make over since that sunderland game , krul , mbiwa , all very much improved
newcastle's man marking in the box has been superb
14 ... finishing at 0
newcastle win , sunderland win and a draw between united and arsenal will top off a very good footballing weekend
yanga-mbiwa is a blessing for newcastle 
newcastle a defend nf
newcastle it's to early to lock up shop
nice la newcastle
c'mon newcastle
tim krul should be made a freeman of newcastle so he can graze his cows on the town moor ! 
great game . please hang on newcastle .
newcastle are playing sick
loving newcastle style of play today !
if brazil ... i mean newcastle can pull this off it will be well deserved !! 
newcastle don't even look like the newcastle from the past 2 seasons ! playing really well ! 
this is unbelievable !!! how are newcastle getting away with this . come on spurs ffs
at what point will tottenham just give up !?
newcastle's defence , especially krul , is on fire
newcastle's defanse is amazing 
newcastle players covering so much more ground , always passing and moving into the space , spurs chasing shadows
this spurs - newcastle game is the bast game all weekend so far .. and where tf is ben arfa ?
amazing start from spurs in the 2nd half ... but i don't think tottenham can win the game . the pressure can only last for a while ...
i can sense a second for newcastle on the counter
fuck sake tottenham , remember to win you have to put the ball in the back of the net !!!
c'mon newcastle you can hold onto this ! do us a favour here 
without tim krul newcastle would suffer so much more defensively 
tottenham v newcastle what a game 👍
newcastle might want to put a foot on the ball to slow this down .
hope newcastle win tbh !
tottenham can't score and i'm dressed like a grandad .
tim krul is a great man . newcastle are so fake likeable
i should be the tottenham manager
newcastle have whacked on the brazil strip and playing like heros
fair to say newcastle goal leading a slightly charmed life .
what a game to wake up to . spurs vs newcastle 
newcastle lay is tempting . must resist .
looks like newcastle have weathered the storm
tottenham vs newcastle is too exciting !
krul+newcastle's defence have been on fine form
spurs explain lloris omission : hugo lloris was not included in tottenham's squad to face newcastle on sunday as the club's medical st. ..
spurs explain lloris omission : hugo lloris was not included in tottenham's squad to face newcastle on sunday as the club's medical st. ..
can't believe in missing the rest of the newcastle game because i have work ! no way !
another interesting match up between tottenham n newcastle
ladies , if you find a man and he is a newcastle united fan , marry him ! that is true love , passion , commitment , respect , the only standard !!
newcastle need to take the sting out of this game . asap !
gwaarn newcastle you got this remy to bang in another one
not sure newcastle can hang on to this lead for much longer . need a second goal 
good first game of . fair to say , newcastle are fighting like beavers .
i find it mildly disconcerting to see newcastle defend this well
what's changed for newcastle ? different team ! consistent now ! need to be good on the counter attack now and the game is theirs !
sissoko provides warning of newcastle's pace on the counter but shot is parried wide by friedel .
this tottenham vs newcastle game have ah lil vybz :)
a few more bits , but the majority of this defending from newcastle has been fucking brilliant .
tottenham are playing shit lol
aller on bouge !!
newcastle's jersey . lol 
yes newcastle ah
i really should be watching this newcastle game , apparently krul is playing a blinder
i think i'm cursed . maybe i should support newcastle and spurs will win .
yes newcastle winning !!!! :d
alan pardew and loic remy will personally get a big fat kiss by me if newcastle win
im feeling newcastle mehnnn .. this is defending mu defending . hahaha
lucky newcastle :/
newcastle skip very brazil like .
the newcastle guys better have some killer stamina .
christmas shopping to london and newcastle booked- feeling christmassy !! 🎄🎅
tottenham will get a draw out of this game
tottenham drop your pointsss
hopefully newcastle will catch spurs out on the counter attack .
some quality defending and keeping here from newcastle . 
newcastle dey defend sha ...
if newcastle get one on the break its game over tottenham getting back into the game now
newcastle moving solid
gona be tough but hope newcastle see this out !
let's go newcastle
would love to see newcastle win this
soldado is marked brilliantly by newcastle defenders
tim krul makes another superb save , followed by a terrific clearance from mapou yanga-mbiwa !... tottenham firing all cylinder .. smell a goal
hope newcastle wins though . 
a plus is that newcastle are making this an open game !
i hate newcastle , id love to go there on a night out though
newcastle still up by one goal
loic remy is one of the the underrated striker in the premier league , he has scored 7 from 7 games for newcastle this season . get him wenger
come on newcastle !
this spurs v newcastle game is hot !!
can't see newcastle holding out with mike williamson in defence
newcastle could do us a huge fav here !!
spurs should be 4 up , but it will never work . newcastle will get another on a counter . game over
great game between spurs and newcastle
how did newcastle go down them years ago
come on tottenham win me some money !! 💷⚽️
i am a very proud newcastle supporter , oh yeaahh 
a few poor bits , but the majority of this defending from newcastle has been fucking brilliant .
been a tottenham fan isn't good for your health
tottenham are all over newcastle they are so lucky their keeper is on form
hate end to end games involving newcastle ! 
tottenham newcastle always emotional
tim krul keeping newcastle in the game pulling off some great saves
if newcastle don't gift them a penalty , they'll pull a win here .
this tottenham game is nuts
devant tottenham - newcastle 
what a great performance by newcastle united's tim krul today ! 
newcastle are feeling the pressure no be small .
newcastle making the red side of north london purr !
gee newcastle you'd be shitting them right now ! 
 spurs vs newcastle . curtain raiser
this must be one hard game to watch for any newcastle fan . tim krul is on fire .
newcastle's defense is something else today
hotspur still down 1 goal from newcastle .. good sign ..
come on newcastle !!
the little faces shola pulls when he's flat on his arse is one of the perks of supporting newcastle united !
newcastle is doing well against tottenham
tim krul is on fire . he might get newcastle the points single handily today !
come on newcastle
tottenham lead the shot count 15-5 , and have had 66% of the ball .
fantastic game spurs v newcastle
all tottenham at the moment , they are driving forward looking for an equaliser
only just started watching the football today , from twitter it seems that now tottenham are creating chances they're against an inspired gk !
i'm actually being entertained by a spours games , than god for newcastle !!
quel match !! 😨👏👏👏 !! ' tottenham vs newcastle
scorces for tottenham match .
newcastle can defend ... who knew ? 
tim krul was asked who he fears in the tottenham team . his reply : " i trust the defence in front of me ." working as a unit today 👌
why did they do that ? just when i was warming to newcastle they put pardew on camera !
newcastle are hanging on here !!
krul doind an excellent job to keep newcastle ahead
dads gone to tottenham game today , just rude and unfair really
oshey newcastle .
the newcastle team is fulla niggers
lol newcastle are provoked by tottenham hotspur disgraceful moments ....
god bless newcastle 4 me ... finish them 
tottenham cannot score ...
i do have a soft spot for spurs , but id laugh if newcastle snatched another lol
keeping in mind the geography of the country . i am very confused as to why i am surrounded by newcastle supporters in a bournemouth pub
crawley is on top form ! tottenham should be at least 3-1 up 
newcastle looks like the more determined side 
i'm not even gonna tweet that i'm buzzing for newcastle atm because it'll probably end up 2-1 to spurs
newcastle hold out and sunderland magically beat man city . then if we beat arsenal it's wide open .
its gonna be the same way as last week . spurs will storm players forward . newcastle will score on the counter .
if tottenham and chelsea both drop points on the weekend we play united , then , i'll erm , do a dance .
i love how i can tune in to see newcastle winning against tottenham ..
tottenham getting beat ? you joking
tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united match
if newcastle win this i can't wait to hear pardew taking all the credit .
newcastle aren't so much riding their luck , they're flogging it to death like a pack mule on the slopes of peru .
tottenham losing 1-0 to newcastle ..
newcastle look like the sunday league version of brazil in that strip .
watch newcastle park the bus though
newcastle beat chelsea , now they think they're brazil with that kit .
newcastle are hanging on 
hang in there newcastle
i'm actually being entertained by a spurs games , than god for newcastle !!
newcastle defending like trojans 
i don't get whats happened to tottenham
newcastle looking very good defensively .
 vs woww brilliant game .... tottenham will score
newcastle to slow the game down , reduce the tempo !
newcastle should look to get remy on a permanent deal , he fits well in their team
substitution for newcastle anita on ameobi off 
i really like tottenham
come on newcastle get another one in krul can't save you for the next half hour !
ugh newcastle pls win . man city is just a point away from spurs
if newcastle won it will be down to tim krul . brilliant
come on newcastle !!
ameobi off . anita on . to sure it up a little for newcastle . good move .
considering the players tottenham have they really should be better than this . though krul is having a blinder
here we go newcastle parking the bus now !
krul has been fantastic today .... hope newcastle score another and kill this game
this is officially newcastle parking the bus with this sub
first 10 mins inside newcastle half and almost scored
krul is having the game of his life , keeping newcastle in this . 
how are tottenham 1-0 down
newcastle are dominating spurs 
newcastle will catch us on a break
tottenham have such a good squad aswell ; erikson , paulinho , lamela . they should be in the lead
newcastle have got their ' brazil kits on ' 😂👌
keep it up newcastle !
newcastle playing in yellow and blue as a homage to the invincibles .
come on newcastle , don't mess it up now .
yanga-mbiwa - my favourite newcastle player !!! beautiful goal-line clearance - beautiful british name !! 
tottenham hotspur need to be more direct and quick . newcastle united defending well 
first newcastle change as shola ameobi , who has worked very hard , is replaced by midfielder vurnon anita , who set up remy's goal last week .
newcastle sub : shola ameobi off anita on 
come on newcastle ur going to give me heart failure get another goal and shut out this game ,
why shola ameobi still at newcastle
it would be great for liverpool if newcastle could hold on to the win
come on newcastle ! 🙌
£107 million and you can't even beat newcastle at home 👍
newcastle really need a 2nd goal here to be safe . 
barclays premier league | 60 ' played 0 - 1 ( 13 ' remy ) 
newcastle shutting up shop then .
no idea why anita doesn't start for newcastle every weekend .
newcastle are all over spurs right now . and krul is on drugs . 
tottenham need to lose and city too . and man united can be calm
i'm actually being entertained by a spurs game , thank god for newcastle !!
park the bus newcastle
come on newcastle do them inbreds .
are qpr allowed to sell remy in january to another club other than newcastle , or are they only allowed to sell after the loan ?
newcastle playin good football . i wish ben arfa plays though
newcastle going defensive . parking the bus
hoping newcastle win not only because i am an arsenal fan , but also for all the krul/cruel puns that would surely follow
as tottenham are playing say if i put rvp as my captain of sky fantasy football it won't count will it ?
tottenham have got a belter squad just don't seem to have someone who can put it in the net . england's too quick for soldado atm .
im not blowing my own trumpet here ! but i've said it from day !! tottenham need lamela !!! bring him on man ! hes unreal !
krul is having an amazing game and the newcastle defense is getting really lucky keeping the ball out of their goal !
newcastle parking the bus😴
i'm watching epl- tottenham vs . newcastle united on bell fibe tv on tsn . -tottenhamvs . newcastleunited
tottenham - newcastle match de fou malade
with committing so many bodies forward trying to get the equaliser i can see newcastle getting another goal on the counter attack .
 spurs vs newcastle
not loving newcastle's kits .
 totthenam newcastle un bon match
come on newcastle !
nw spurs vs newcastle ..
tottenham making newcastle look like ' 98 france
hold on newcastle !!!
newcastle wins n im gud .. spurs n im in some deep sh*t
60 newcastle send on anita for ameobi
newcastle are parring
newcastle's away kit looks like ashley got them a job lot of discounted brazil kits from sports direct .
c'mon newcastle
pardew gives tottenham the green light to spend the rest of the game in newcastle's half ..
they say you can't buy refereeing decisions ? well , tottenham have spent about £20m for each penalty they've won . 
tim krul is just making some crazy saves to keep newcastle ahead
tottenham are giving me high blood pressure
sub - anita replaces ameobi . newcastle clearly attempting to reinforce their midfield .
newcastle will win this , they really do ken how to defend
newcastle man
 c'mon newcastle , krul you freak !
nice kit newcastle united - just like watching brazil . poor paulinho really does think he's playing for the other team today . 
watching tottenham makes me have more headoffs than playing golf
chiriches out for tottenham but please tell avb to watch his back if you ask me
gunna be one of those days at the lane today i predict newcastle win 1-0 can't score for toffee
very much in this newcastle still on the break looking good
2 goals last 15 minutes for tottenham wouldn't surprise is !
newcastle's pressing is really effective , hunting spurs down at every oppurtunity
newcastle is immerse today .
the ball is now regularly being played into newcastle box , no excuses for soldado today , a few half chances missed already 
come on tottenham
newcastle parking the bus
newcastle deserve to win . i hope they do :(
then again bale did score the two goals when spurs beats newcastle 2-1 last year so i guess it makes sense
you can do it newcastle !!!
get in newcastle , just turned on the tv , and 1-0 that's what i like to see
newcastle spurs is always a great football match !
with the colour scheme of newcastle the away kit , it's like arsenal are beating spurs . i'm doubling my enjoyment 
jheeze tottenham fans are quiet or what !
spurs 0-1 newcastle - newcastle sub - anita on ameobi off , pardew looking to pack the midfield sacrifices a striker 59mins ...
it's not that soldado is shit . it's just spurs don't play to his strengths and his style of play don't complement tottenham's at all
was that puff daddy who just came on for newcastle ?
newcastle r sooo shit how r they even winnin this
utterly amazed at tottenham's inability to score ... again 
newcastle looking to park the bus then for the next half hour 
a fucking hate newcastle 😡
newcastle corners are in
come on newcastle👏👏
tottenham have been quite unlucky , but still some good saves
well in newcastle !!
hold on to your lead ... don't let go 
that newcastle player about to come on looks bewildered 
hurry up an get another 3 please newcastle lol , i'll be set for the rest of the year
newcastle time wasting .
tottenham's football is boring without bale , and newcastle aren't a shit side no more ! you heard it here first , football analysis by tom
c'mon newcastle !
any fucking danger 
un super tottenham newcastle . so intense . 
if you're not watching tottenham vs newcastle's match , then you're missing out on some good football .
newcastle are absolutely smashing spurs !
twice this week i have fallen asleep during a tottenham game . thursday and now today lmao💤💤
tottenham still trailing by one after 60mins played 
hold out newcastle !!!!!!
newcastle need to their lead and cant decide whether i want arsenal to lose or not but id be happy with just a point a piece .
krul keeping newcastle alive
ameobi off , anita on . newcastle's attack just got a lot stronger 
newcastle are defending fantastically
krul having an amazing game ! newcastle defense incredibly lucky to have kept the ball out for so long !
so newcastle are even firing on the wife to keep it 1-0 😜
massively impressed with newcastle today . not panicking when they're on the ball , sissoko & remy very dangerous on break . can they hang on ?
sub for newcastle . ameobi off , anita on . to try and stop strong spurs second half . bit dull . but makes sense . 0-1
sort it out tottenham
these newcastle defenders are mental today
his part in newcastle's second against chelsea >>
newcastle sporting the brazil kit 
newcastle win sunderland win arsenal win , perfect day of football
i want newcastle to win !
bet 10 is in . in other news , how in the world are tottenham not winning . tim krul has been unbelievable
newcastle picking up some form lately
newcastle is amazing cocktails galore !!
chasing the game at home , make some fucking noise tottenham fans ffs . 
come on newcastle - . -
this has newcastle win all over it , early goal shut up shop
back from my shower and it appears newcastle have held for at least an hour with their 1-0 lead 
massive respect to tottenham fans for remaining silent for 45min for rememberance sunday
super sunday started really well . great game between newcastle and spurs . i'm not gonna get much else done today i think .
it have no friend thing newcastle ...., work !!!!!!!!!! 
one more newcastle
want to move to newcastle .. 🚂👋
taking a striker off - not positive by newcastle
any chance tottenham ? 🙈
newcastle timewasting and making defensive substitutions . we're into the last ... half an hour ?
this season : tottenham , a penalty or not ! chelsea , luck or not !
spur-newcastle could end up in a draw
wohoo newcastle 1-0 spurs remyyyyy
newcastle dey collect lmao
tottenham losing . that helps a bit
how does it feel to be tottenham ? how does it feel to be small ? you sold bale , we signed mesut ozil , mesut ozil . 
feeling the newcastle away strip
tottenham hotspurs ' days of keeping table positions for their rightful owners are done .
60 ' yellow card for newcastle's moussa sissoko .
spurs are piling on all the pressure , breaking forward and creating chances , so if anyone will score it will be newcastle . they'll get lucky
58 mins - first free kick to newcastle since half way through the first half . not sure what they need to do to get a whistle .
newcastle trashing tottenham hotspur 1-0 ... awesome
newcastle are the kings of cynical fouling . the word to describe this fact is of the abstract genre . guess which one ?
sub vurnon anita replaces shola ameobi for newcastle . score remains spurs 0-1 newcastle after 60 minutes 
tottenham hotspur , it's 60 second silence ! not 60 minutes !
newcastle for my 21st sounds like a plan ! #21st
scores update : 2-0 ft 0-1 
need 2 take sigurdsson off . done nothing so far . newcastle will just waste time now . if we score then i'm confident it'll be a few goals 4 us
newcastle players names sound feminine
newcastle and tottenham are rivals imo . too mad
tottenham now , man city after , then man u vs arsenal , barca and then santos . defo not leaving the sofa the whole day !
could do with newcastle hanging on here . can't see it happening though .
tottenham to equalise through a contentious 88th minute penalty . nailed on .
newcastle 1 - 0 tottenham . wee
if newcastle can be as compact as they did against chelsea , the 3points is there's to keep
come on newcastle !!
an hour played at white hart lane !! tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united , still the scoreline .
if newcastle beat the scum happy days if we beat united even happier days !
the best hangover cure would be a big fat maccies and a newcastle win
krul reli keeping newcastle in this .
all tottenham players are pricks
newcastle-tottenham
why can't someone at tottenham take a bloody corner . i can take a corner . and i'm terrible .
begging for a tottenham and a city loss today !!
usually games that kick off this early are shite but with newcastle this game is more than lively
tottenham are making this difficult
newcastle time wasting with half hour to go . that's how fucking shit they are
didnt know tottenham signed chris foy up like , the fucking bellend .
i hope newcastle hold on to their lead at white hart lane . if spurs lose , city lose and united lose it would make up for yesterday .
tottenham are shit . they have been dead lucky this season .
no level for spurs .... newcastle road block .
 r shooting at a brick wall 2day defence and r that brick wall
theres a few cockatiel haircuts in the newcastle team debuchey santon and sammy amiobie
get dem newcastle ..
newcastle shd cool nerves now , this aint 
newcastle soaking up the pressure
if newcastle stay ahead of tottenham , city lose or draw and arsenal lose or draw , then not one result will have gone against us this week .
yes newcastle .
calm yo tits newcastle
how have tottenham not scored yet ?!
great challenge from sissoko , looks like tottenham are playing their ref card
newcastle were a great price today , should have put a couple quid on it
newcastle have williamson at the back and i got guys on twitter telling me soldado is a top player !! u lot are smoking crack laced with h
pardew for manager of the month . no doubt ... that's if newcastle wins today tho .
they're wearing brazil's colours but it's newcastle ffs
 totenham vs newcastle
live : tottenham v newcastle - remy fires toon into shock early lead as lloris is left out by avb after concussion controversy .
more swings then henry the vii 
newcastle could get another one suckerpunch 
come on newcastle !
sloppy on the ball , too many touches , no attempt to get in behind newcastle . spurs look poor
tottenham moaning to the ref - all the fucking time .
tottenham just cannot score
if someone's phone rang at a tottenham match you'd hear it . no noise smh
fuck tottenham 
breaking : hugo lloris not included in spurs squad for game against newcastle . brad friedel starts .
hate newcastle and tottenham
tottenham getting tough competition !!
tottenham are giving away three points
don't throw it away now newcastle
newcastle time wasting before 60 '. the beautiful game . 
really hope newcastle hold on . along with sunderland and united winning today . that would be the nest for us ! 
today tottenham 0-1 newcastle(62 ' ) sunderland v man city( 5:05 pm ) kickoff : ( 7:10 pm ) man utd v arsenal swansea v stoke
can't take any newcastle player seriously with wonga on the front of the shirt .
debuchy everywhere for newcastle .
61 ' yellow card : a heavy challenge by sissoko earns him a yellow . tottenham's free-kick blasted into the wall
would love to see newcastle beat spurs
sitting in a bar in blackpool watching spurs newcastle . please oh please . 
with all the pressure no , must score 
tim krul is the man for newcastle
this tottenham match looks live you know
gudluck newcastle . beat spurs for the sake of arsenal's reign at the top of the table
respect to the tottenham fans who have been silent for 45 minutes in honour of remembrance sunday .
newcastle are defending like beavers jeff .
want newcastle & sunderland to get wins ! 
 tottenham vs newcastle
newcastle don dey impress fa
tottenham are so shit lol
" get in newcastle , accumulator's coming in " - nobody .
in work ... some man : who's playing here mate ?... me : it's tottenham vs newcastle . the man : no i don't think it is . why ask then ! 😠
newcastle have been impressive !
 it was a world class and best clearance so far i have ever seen . young mbia you are amazing . you kept newcastle fans heart alive
tottenham are losing . perfect .
spurs are shit .. spend £100m & can't even beat newcastle . they should be thankful arsenal are about reppin north london !
' foy ' and ' cunt ' are now trending in newcastle upon tyne ...
if newcastle can just hold on and beat tottenham
krulcial saves for newcastle
come on newcastle , keep this lead !
newcastle will score again now ....
tottenham really aren't all that are they ?
all of the tottenham players licked his butt hole before the match
tottenham's pitch looks horrid
tottenham couldn't even be able to score against tim krul in 45mins even though the sunlight is literally making him go blind .
remember that day newcastle beat the arsenal and spurs got into the champions league ? me neither
tottenham ' rest ' lloris for newcastle clash .
on way to watch stortford v newcastle 👍 
just 30 more minutes . come on newcastle
newcastle have been matched at 7.8 for £128 to beat spurs , can they hold on or would you cash out ? 
newcastle's pressing game has been excellent . none of spurs ' flair players have been able to express themselves .
there is something about yellow jerseys that i like . the newcastle away kit looks fucking class .
£50 on newcastle hold on 30minutes for £100 back
just seen newcastle are 1 up at whl
got newcastle to win on one bet but both teams to score on another , not sure what i want to happen this game 😂
come on newcastle
why hav newcastle got the same colour away kit as us 
remy yeah hello tottenham
newcastle are fairly riding ther luck . it cud well be ane o those days for spurs
lmfao !!! tottenham ..... £108million .... only 9 goals this season .
 farcical booking for sissoko in the spurs v newcastle game . the tackle has been banished from modern football .
newcastle are forever wasting time
if newcastle beat spurs it makes the result yesterday a bit less depressing
if tottenham are losing you already know it's gonna be a good day for the gunners
carnage caused in newcastle ! hanging and not looking forward to the 3.5 hour journey ! 
tottenham could of spent 100 million so much better
nw : tottenham - newcastle
we play better football than tottenham , manutd and chelsea this season !! 
if tottenham lose i'm done
hopefully newcastle don't concede . as much as i hate cabaye , i hope he scores a screamer and wraps up the win > :\
tottenham lose de3 3y3
can any tottenham fans , or just any body , tell me if eriksen has actually been good ?
newcastle are playing like a proper team
tottenham hotspur : barn doors and banjos come to mind . i cut avb slack last term as it wasn't his team , but the redknapp era looks rosy now .
come on newcastle !!
tottenham what is this ?
obviously newcastle
to go out in newcastle on monday or not hmm ...
watched a bit of the spurs/newcastle game on my break , i'm gutted now i've got to go back now ! looks a class game
comeon la spurs .. lawan newcastle je kot
newcastle lead 1-0 againts spurs . hope spurs will lose the game .
that was debuchy's fifth yellow card . will miss newcastle's next game vs norwich
stolen joke : i think avb started friedel today because he fought in world war i . 
so far spurs r losing 1-0 to newcastle
our draw against newcastle isn't looking so bad now is it ?
cabaye is too good for newcastle . great player , would love him at arsenal . so calm on the ball . 
tottenham are fucking depressing !
newcastle looking decent
newcastle playing really well here . 
spurs will have an amazing break , shoot , it will be saved , thrown up to a newcastle player , play in remy and he will score lol
newcastle should crush this tottenham people joor
my dad has the tottenham game for four goals , pray for him hahaha
newcastle have a nice midfield . anita , tiote , sissoko , jonas , and cabaye are all really nice players .
called it that remy would have a good season at newcastle
what a game tim krul is having , i hope they can hold on to the win ! 
can see why newcastle let forster go !! krul is a topclass keeper !
go newcastle go
newcastle leading right now !
tottenham is so shit ....
newcastle can't win this at 1-0 . the penalty for spurs in the last 10 minutes guarantees them at least a point .
new castle is going to pwn tottenham , nice oneee
don't care what anybody says but newcastle are the luckiest football team ever
anita go give newcastle more energy , ameobi off
update : spurs 0-1 newcastle 
if tottenham lose , united win ... i get this physics work understood ... it'd be a great day
tottenham are a team of lighties lol
newcastle are gay , huh ?
please don't cock this up newcastle . 
quality save from krul ! tottenham playing shite
dont understand why tottenham dont start defoe , soldado is shit
tiote has been absolutely fantastic this season . newcastle's best player , thus far .
100mil after and tottenham still look like tottenham . average !
newcastle have defended brilliantly , krul has made some unreal saves man
another london shit inachapwa ... wt a weekend tottenham 0-1 newcastle
newcastle are doing spurs just like they did chelsea . counter attack will seal it if spurs fall for this .
come on newcastle ...
think this shows that tottenham's tactics over the last couple of years was to give the ball to bale ...
tottenham self*sigh*well there 6th position is sure
got 1-0 newcastle on my 17,000 accy come on !!!
this tottenham . i'm just tired
dear tottenham , just want to inform you that spending £108m is far easier than making the top 4 in the epl .
newcastle are well up for it today , lol .
luv newcastle
really don't know what to say about tottenham anymore
what's the difference between tottenham and a triangle ? a triangle has 3 points . 
i need tottenham to win
 : premier league 62 ' 0 - 1 
i see a penalty for tottenham .
newcastle plzz doe 4k it up
come on newcastle !
tottenham-new castle
tell you what people don't half underestimate teams like newcastle
tottenham struggling . i love it ;)
just sat in my seat on the plane home ... not once have our passports been checked ... great newcastle , great .
finally a yellow card for newcastle !! 
newcastle = brazil
newcastle win , sunderland win and united draw would be ace
lol united fans r supporting coz is posing a threat to their position ( 8 )
eh the newcastle players are pressing like liverpool yesterday . confidence .
how does it feel to be tottenham ? how does it feel to be small ? you sold bale , we signed mesut özil , mesut özil ...
that newcastle strip is awful
freaking newcastle just kill yourselves
think newcastle could get a second goal 
gerwan newcastle hang on !
and it's started newcastle going down constantly and wasting time 😴😴😴
newcastle have been running the clock down since half-time .
come on newcastle
62 ' ball possession : tottenham hotspur 64%-36% newcastle united .
newcastle has been impressive all afternoon .
i hate newcastle but that kit is cracking
soundddd newcastle
le match newcastle totenham il est michtooooo
hold on newcastle
looks like tottenham need to bring back ted lasso 
i don't usually ask for much lord , but if newcastle could just hold on , maybe score a few more ? i'd be forever indebted to you 
i'd hate too be a tottenham fan they are so shit too watch
every time i bet on newcastle to win they lose then every time i don't the win , still c'mon magpies !
get one more goal newcastle . go go go . 
 tottenham vs new castle
spurs newcastle game entertaining
totenham vs newcastle 
come newcastle !!!
newcastle 1
chelsea drow with newcastle a good one
come on newcastle !!!!!!!
another goal would be lovely newcastle 
doubt newcastle will be able to keep tottenum out
can newcastle hold on that is the question
enjoying newcastle's brazilian inspired kit
i quite like this yellow kit of newcastle's .
swear tottenham fans only know two chants , " come on you sp*rs " and " oh when the sp*rs go marching in " 
i can't believe newcastle are still winning this match ! spurs all over them 2nd half ! 
3 most booked newcastle players this season have all been carded today , some was too short for my liking . more to come
come on newcastle ! do it for us again
62mns spurs 0-1 newcastle - open game , spurs as they must throwing more and more men forward
tottenham 0-1 newcastle live yellow card at 62 ' by sissoko m . 
tottenham are so frustrating ffs
poor southampton : they've got arsenal , chelsea , city , newcastle and spurs before christmas ... good luck wi that
" ameobi off , anita on . newcastle's attack just got a lot stronger #
tottenham couldn't cross their legs never mind a ball
tottenham being the better team this half , debuchy & sissoko have had yellow cards so far ! -matt
62 min spurz 0 newcastle 1 remy d goal scorer
newcastle should focus on defending their lead and abusing the wings cus the only way they'll score again is through a corner 
6 poun back if newcastle win haha cmon
newcastle do have a good team . the keeper is top class . v good full backs . cabaye&tiote are v good together . and remy well ..
are newcastle wearing our away kit for next season ?
newcastle look too much like arsenal
well impressed with newcastle's pressing in the opposition half
temporary newcastle fan !
sp*rs still losing , keep it up newcastle !
spurs without bale is like watching porn with no sound . 
newcastle are like sick mode all of a sudden
tottenham need defoe
bet on newcastle to win with remy scoring , looking good so far , but newcastle need another , spurs will get their customary penalty soon .
come on newcastle !! 
never knew mr t was playing for newcastle 
tottenham hotspurs , a chicken playing with a ball
tottenham is really stupid for not letting defoe to play every match , such a talented striker .
seems newcastle united can't handle all this attack by spurs . so far they kept them from scoring .
the pain of being a tottenham fan is unbearable
remy marcou o gol do newcastle aos 12 ' .
stilll 1-0 newcastle
newcastle are doing what every team does to us at whl
tottenham still attacking the majority of the time , but it's not as dangerous right now . 
newcastle are just on fucking up everyone's accumulators lol this is why i don't bet on football anymore 😭
i quite like tottenham but not been impressed with then at all this season !
can newcastle hold on to this ?
spurs need to run through newcastle . not around them .
all tottenham have to do is bring defoe on
i wonder if the ref will give anything to newcastle today ? cos hes just been pro spurs
tottenham hotspur 0-1 newcastle united at 55min 
newcastle are in form tho
how is spurs losing to newcastle ?
i love newcastle this year , helping out liverpool soo much ! class 
yeah if newcastle could hold onto the ball for more then 5 seconds thatd be great
tim krul saying nah tottenham nah i ' eard
newcastle really need to bury this game
tottenham were a one man team , sold there only player and replaced him with several half decent squad players .... idiocy
newcastle are really doing well here , defending like a unit . looks like avb is running out of ideas ...
tottenham - newcastle ! ☺️
how can be tottenham be losing at home to newcastle fekkkk
newcastle looking lethal
hope newcastle beat spuds :)
surely tiote's forehead is offside for every newcastle attack right ?
not sure if spurs are crap today or newcastle are doing great
tottenham hotspurs : no penalty , no win
honestly don't know why defoe isn't playing for tottenham ! need a bit movement up top plus he's clinical ! ⚽️
newcastle are a very team
had plenty of fun for my newcastle 6/1 1-0 newcastle 25/1 keepers motm 16/1bets .
newcastle riding their luck . i pray the win
not a tottenham fan but this newcastle fan is pissing me off in yates
tottenham : play it out wide run cross the ball .. clearance 😴
some very dogged defending taking place from newcastle . tottenham have yet to get going
newcastle very lucky to be still winning here mind
this tottenham and newcastle match z like amazulu n arrows , i see no game plan on both sides ... 
fuck off spurs , come on newcastle
jesus christ how old is tottenham hotspurs goalkeeper ?? 👴
tottenham are actually fucking shit ....
krul has no time for tottenham
tottenham will get a penalty -soldado will step up - tim krul will save it- match will end 2-0
if they keep this pressure on they’re bound to get one , right ?!? 
the boring boring tottenham
this is really really krul on tottenham
tottenham are shit it's as simple as that really .
sort it out tottenham
tottenham game is live
newcastle will be loving this . spurs fans getting less patient with the team , there's no flow to the play also . will just get hit on the
go newcastle !!!
come on newcastle :d
defo a newcastle today ! do us all a favour !!
watching tottenham is pure stress
tottenham are seriously looking for a goal . emphasis is on " seriously "
tottenham gonna fuck both my bets up nice and early . wankers
praying newcastle hold out against tottenham , we need to catch them up !
i think tottenham will get at least 1 goal tbh
so toitenhamo spend 120 mil but cant beat newcastle at home ? shame shame .
newcastle are defending like beavers geoff 
just turned on the spurs game . why are newcastle wearing the brazil kit ?
this tottenham vs newcastle match is doing us good to prepare us for united vs arsenal . top game .
wouldn't it be cruel if newcastle conceded now
presque but 
goalkepper newcastle hebat ~
pointless having all the possession when you're as shit at creating chances as tottenham 
tottenham have nothing upfront
hell of a play by the newcastle keeper !
i daren't say a word about newcastle don't want to jinx it
* tottenham penalty sweepstake * i'm going for the 73rd minute .
i will be very happy the day we actually get a results against tottenham
1-1 with newcastle !!!
go on newcastle then i'll take a draw in the man u arsenal match please 
stop giving the ball away newcastle howay get the ball and fucking attack 
i hope newcastle hold on and beat the spuds .
tim krul is a fantastic keeper ! keeping newcastle in this ! 
keeper newcastle jago banget yaa ..
newcastle are playing so good
come on newcastle
yina newcastle is doing good for once when they're putting in solid defensive performances
3pts are in the bag , spurs won't score today ! 
let off for newcastle as soldado heads straight at krul when he really should have scored .
:(((( how can newcastle be leading ..
this newcastle's kit looks nice .
seeing an arsenal and tottenham fan sat next to each other in the pub . you wouldn't get that in the northeast
newcastle need to hold out & lock off the rave for the last 25 mins
anyone know anywhere good for sunday lunch in newcastle ? 
wait didn't we beat newcastle 7-3 last season ?? 
wel_don newcastle
if spurs don't score today , it would be unbelievable . all over newcastle here .
man of the match .. tim krul ! he has been amazing between the woodwork for newcastle
newcastle need to push someone on to the penalty spot for these crosses
walla 7ars newcastle mbd3 !!
newcastle better win
tottenham lacks an organised attacking tactic .
tottenham can't finish .. at all
don't even know why i'm watching the tottenham game😁
i really want newcastle utd to win this match ...
what a save by newcastle's goalie 
a newcastle win would see me teasing tf out my colleagues . after all their jibe . hahaha
what a shit signing soldado has been for spurs ... heads right into the keepers arms with no pressure on him 1-0 newcastle up
how's newcastle played ?
which bright spark's idea was it to only buy one striker at tottenham ?
i will soo much love a loss for tottenham today as i want the pressure for top 4 to be minimal dis weekend against my chelsea .
 livescore- 65 ' - tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united [ loïc remy 13 ' ]
krul is keeping newcastle in this game
krul is just amazing 
tottenham are the new arsenal , arsenal are the new utd and utd are the new stoke . 
 has a lot to thank to their keeper .... doing a brilliant job !
if tottenham don't win this i hope all their players get a concussion
come on newcastle hold this out and do saints a big favour
tottenham can not score a goal without a penalty .
spurs with a good start to the second ... hang on newcastle !!
never get tired of watching tottenham lose lol
going back to london , newcastle still leads 1-0 against tottenham now in the 64th minute . newcastle has 7 offsides .
tottenham defiantly need to improve by the looks of it .
pretty sure tim krul done this to us at newcastle away last season .. but bales free kick saved us
come on newcastle
c'mon tottenham ... this lot are shit ! 
watch tottenham get another shit ref decision . they're the new man u .
i thought tottenham were going to be better this season😂😂
newcastle really need to hold on . i'm getting stressed & twitter isn't helping . bye for now
tottenham better get the finger out al be raging if my coupon is burst on another early kick off !! 
tottenham game both teams to score is an easy bet tbh ... but early kick offs are always a myth
no way are newcastle gonna hold on to this
tottenham are shit
tottenham getting chance upon chance and naah score .
spurs 0-1 newcastle - everything going for krul right now , made an awkward 1st save but the 2nd header is str8 at him 
this has 2-0 newcastle written all over it .
get in newcastle !!!!!!! loic remy !!!!!! 1-0
dis tottenham players b making krul look like d best gk alive
christian eriksen too good for tottenham , he should've joined arsenal
how newcastle are winning against spurs is beyond me , average team
go ed newcastle
spurs knocking on the door but newcastle's keeper not having it
terrific piece of goalkeeping by 
what a chance for , wow this newcastle goalkeeper really has done some wonderful save today "
this is all tottenham at the moment
newcastle need to kill of spurs quickly .
watching alittle bit of tottenham/newcastle this morning !
trying to get from peterborough to newcastle . the expected time keeps getting pushed back for the 1316 train . what's happened ?
jesus christ comon tottenham !!!!! fs
newcastle hingin on here
spurs are all over newcastle
newcastle are having a woolly scarf
krul is keeping newcastle in the game
go on then newcastle 👍
tottenham have the right idea
tottenham turning it up
if newcastle wins i'm so done
this has got 2-0 newcastle written all over it ....
tottenham v newcastle // sunderland v man city // man u v arsenal showing today
tim krul is saving newcastle
newcastle just can't go defending all the game it wont work
there's no way newcastle can hold on .
this spurs newcastle game is class
 living dangerously . another unexplainable save !! what !!!
newcastle another goal
barclays premier league | 65 ' played 0 - 1 ( 13 ' remy ) 
continue comme sa newcastle 
keeper newcastle jago baget yaa ..
tottenham pressing so hard !
newcastle parking the bus
just waiting for tottenham to score now
newcastle goalkeeper is on fire tonight , so many nice saves
krul's keeping newcastle in the game
come on newcastle
krul is ballin 
omo , this newcastle's keeper is good
newcastle utd is lucky to have tim krul in today match .
tottenham playing in brazil's colours - who do they think they are ? 
would love to see newcastle get the 3 points out of this ! 
tottenham are bound to score soon
best football tottenham play for the season
hang in there newcastle
the newcastle keeper is sooo op .
tottenham deserve something from this half !
 losing . always pleasing .
keep going newcastle
tottenham are pish , bale was their only player 
tottenham . talented individually , dog shit as a team
newcastle hve got to keep this up !!
tim krul is superb tonight !! 
spurs are all over newcastle now ! still can't see them scoring though
newcastle scouting note : santon has no pace . play walcott wide on the counter . 
this tottenham side is tragic . .
can't believe some tottenham fans thought erikson was a better signing that mesut özil
spurs just can't get pass krull or the newcastle defence 
score tottenham score , when you get one your get more .............
18 shots and no goals cmon to fuck tottenham
fucking newcastle .
newcastle are playing horribly now , doing everything on gut instinct and it just lands them in hot water .
come on newcastle park the bus i want my money
imagine if tottenham don't score
me blood pressures gone sky high this second half . please got another man newcastle
spurs are putting so much pressure on newcastle's box , i can see at least an equaliser
this newcastle keeper .. what keeper of the month award pap
newcastle have been tactically excellent today 
tottenham are guna score😒
newcastle whatever you do just hold on to the lead !
newcastle time wasting with half an hour to go ! its like a real life game of fifa ...
tottenham need a goal yet they won't bring on defoe ? i don't understand ...
tottenham need a tall striker . all their wing play shows for nought
pressing seems to be the in thing in the premier league . even newcastle is doing it .
dis newcastle keeper dey use jazz ..?
no way will newcastle hold this
 are pulling off some remarkable results against some of the big teams makes our draw look more of a credible result 
the spuds will win this . all over newcastle now .
catching up with this tottenham newcastle game
spurs playing . newcastle defending
go on the newcastle 
on their day newcastle can be lethal
lets face the facts tottenham will never score
safe to say the newcastle goalie is having a bloody good game . how have spurs not scored ? 
newcastle need another goal before spurs get their obligatory penalty
tottenham yall don't try n score tho -_-
this game has a newcastle counter attack written all over it lol
it's basically just spurs vs krul because newcastle aren't having a look in here
krul has won newcastle the game here like 
wave after wave of attack ! newcastle just holding on tiiiiight *
come on newcastle
newcastle dey hear am ..
i would get santon off now if i was newcastle hes shite
can't see newcastle holding out here . spurs battering them .
yes newcastle
this is canny intense like i wish tottenham would fuck off haha
tottenham go score sha
26 million for a penalty specialist , top buy from tottenham
tottenham spent all that money and still couldn't win at home , jokers
spurs are all over newcastle now 😳
this totenham vs newcastle sme gd shit
it'll be embarrassing to lose to newcastle at home so coys !
come on tottenham !!!!
no matter how hard & strong tottenham try , they can't get the ball in the back of the net .. 
half field eh !!! tottenham takn d game 2 newcastle !!!
come on newcastle . just pack the bus !!
woke up to see tottenham losing . now this the shit ...
newcastle living dangerously now .
wow this is newcastle's day . if they don't get this , then i would worry for them
newcastle !!!!! ahhhhhhhhh !!!!
fairplay to newcastle , playing well
don't crumble now newcastle
newcastle defense is impressive
spurs look boring . newcastle don't even look worried
bendtner's performance v chelsea is soldado's performance v every team tottenham have played this season .
newcastle playing an 8-1-1
hahaha ... wat a save . 
the newcastle keeper is fucking on it today
tottenham is not taking these chances . soldado looks like he can only score from a penalty spot .
really can't see tottenham not scoring
come on newcastle hold on !!! 
come on please newcastle
tottenham are bossing it
tottenham are like a gut full of brussel sprout curry and tim krul is a sachet of imodium
newcastle are defending like beavers today !
soldado is useless , so much for prolific striker ! go newcastle !
want to set off and see my girl but spurs vs newcastle is such a good game
newcastle have become to complacent
spurs applying all the pressure now but i bet newcastle score the next goal ..
tottenham 18 shots , 0 goals
newcastle est dominer ptn !
newcastle will concede in the next 10 minutes
gr8 defending newcastle ! 
sticking it on newcastle now . hope it pays off .
tottenham will score . it's coming
can you here the tottenham song ?! i don't hear a fucking thing .
krul having an absolute blinder . come on newcastle !!!!
trouble with tottenham is avb has no idea what his best xi is
i hope spurs lose to newcastle
update : 65 ' tottenham 0 - 1 newcastle .
attack vs defense ! 
what kind o luck is newcastle havin today ?
hold on newcastle !!!
h'away newcastle hold on
i don't get how tottenham get on sky every week when they are consistently shit and boring
krul has kept newcastle from conceding up to 6 goals in this game .
tottenham fuckeddd up soldado 😥😥
newcastle's door about too come off its hinges
tim krul hates tottenham !
3/1 tottenham to get a penalty , soldado to score it and be known as a class striker
newcastle deserve this !
defending overtime newcastle now .... so far so good
tottenham is playing soccer now
it's funny watching this lot struggle at home against newcastle , even though they most likely will get something out of the game .
woi tottenham ! sema wasted chances
newcastle keeper playing out of his skull . 
does alan pardew just go round the northern gyms and pick people from the weight bench to play for newcastle ?! size of all of em ... animals !
spurs will drop points too as we close the gap ... newcastle should do me a favour
newcastle defence is like my biceps 😂😂💪💪
home time :( i will miss you newcastle ! ❤️ until next time 😝 
newcastle never fail to make you poo yourself 
swear tottenham only play on sundays
what a thrilling game ... . . tottenham vs newcastle
whoeva is watchn d tottenham-newcastle game 
yes ! cummon newcastle !
krul is a cruel bastard to those tottenham fans . letting them think they've scored then at the last minute being like " nah mate , not today "
love watching tottenham lose
surely newcastle can't keep this up ?
newcastle need to hold on right now . i reckon they could grab another on the counter . spurms commiting a lot going forward
newcastle will score an own goal . 
judging by tottenham's transfer business , i expected them to play some really interesting football . they've disappointed time and again .
inshallah , newcastle can hold on .
tottenham don't score this match hope you all know that
newcastle defending like beavers
 tottenham - newcastle
tottenham without gareth bale ȋ̝̊̅ƨ̣̣̣̇̇̇ like watching porn with no sound ... wtf
spurs re pressurizng newcastle " $
i'm a newcastle fan but i'm thinking , why the hell is defoe not on the pitch . 
tottenham stars need to start showing up .
tottenham don't wanna score
you could say a newcastle win would be .... krul on spurs !
its been an assault on the defence ever since the half began by 
big day today in the prem . nice start newcastle
not fussed but hope newcastle can hang on , doubt it though
newcastle are awesome !
 is the shittest striker why did tottenham buy him
would love to see newcastle score again ...
typical tottenham can't score
get a drugs test . 
a jus wish newcastle would jus score 1 more goal n kill off spurs
come on tottenham !!!
surely newcastle can't keep this up ?
newcastle can't defend like this for another 25 minutes !!
krul ( newcastle ) i salute this goalkeeper
newcastle are defending like mutants
krul is keeping newcastle in the game
i fucking hate tottenham with every fibre in my being hope u lose every game and get relegated
tim is pulling out the saves here ! 
come on tottenham !!!!!!!!!!
newcastle got these guys good
wake up to see newcastle are doing a madting again ...
yes newcastle
newcastle are such a lucky , horrible team
if arsenal beat the scum , city beat the even bigger scum and newcastle win , i'll be a very happy man today . 
friends of newcastle
it would be funny if tottenham lost
come on newcastle , keep up the good work !
it's all tottenham this second half .
spurs need a goal soon especially with the pressure theyve got on newcastle just now !
hold on newcastle haha what a flop lamela is can't even get a game
newcastle hanging on now , were starting to dominate just need to produce in the final third 
tottenham losing to newcastle . a win for united would bring them above to 5th . 5 more points and then the campaigns back on track .
this game needs a goal from tottenham ... it will be interesting
spurs 0-1 newcastle - 18-7 attempts with 9-4 on target , thats all attempts but newcastle still lead on 65minutes 
come on tottenham !!!!!!!!
who scored for newcastle ? 
remember when krul wasted all that time when we played newcastle and vermaelen score last minute winner ? good times :d
not to newcastle pleaseee 😩😩
it's painful watching tottenham , just fucking score a goal !
tottenham have only scored 9 goals ?
drove past tottenham today , and some guy was selling arsenal toilet rolls 😂
just switched on my tv to find spurs are loosing to newcastle at home lol !
i like avb but he seems the kind of manager to over complicate the game . should be beating this newcastle team easily with their squad .
hate watching tottenham football .
tottenham is really playing nice football right now
poor .. what is going on ??
come on newcastle !! beat that spuds
get me back to newcastle
tottenham currently losing 1-0 at home to newcastle . pardew has somehow got it together for the magpies .
spurs 0 newcastle 1
hold on newcastle .
this tottenham team is in fact really boring to watch… . 
newcastle are digging trenches here !
tottenham r shit pass it on
tottenham newcastle
sounds like krul is playing well , if he don't concede that would be amazing , clean sheets against chelsea and tottenham .
tottenham are all over newcastle ... piling on the pressure
tottenham are soo , soo poor
newcastle singing " nana nana remy " get your own song you mugs 
newcastle playing like they are iraqis , putting the bodies on the line
newcastle are playing way too low ... 2 lines in 4 yards ...
everybody shitting on tottenham but the weird part is that they might win this match .
smashing from newcastle 
newcastle have know well and truly parked the bus
tottenham deserve a goal second half , krul been on top form though
are newcastle really defending a 1-goal lead with so much time left in the game ?
crunchy nut and the rest of the tottenham vs newcastle game 😌
great football from tottenham how ain't we winning
i rate eriksen and paulinio but soldado is shocking , he's been the worst tottenham signing
newcastle are a very mean team
newcastle need to do some serious defending now .
tottenham are shit !
why did tottenham sack harry redknapp ? lol
this newcastle side have a massive team spirit 
come on newcastle
i'm rooting for united and newcastle to win today . what's wrong with me ? 😒
must annoy spurs that newcastle are beating them in the same colours as arsenals away kit ........... 
i saw a person earlier in those cuffed jean things & shoes . guess what ? he had a tottenham scarf on ! beats slip on lonsdales i suppose
if tottenham want to win they need to take eriksen off set pieces
after 65mins , newcastle still lead tottenham 1-0 at whl . 
this tottenham team reminds me of our team 2 or so seasons ago . can't score for *
are newcastle parking the bus this early… .
come on tottenham ffs !!
newcastle have held on so well , hope they don't lose grip after all the pressure
come on newcastle please keep it up ! 
spurs corner = newcastle goal kick
not one good ball in 65 minutes by eriksen .. tottenham .. you’re welcome to him ! shit
thing is , newcastle have got another half hour of this . plus the , y'know , mandatory spurs pen .
come on newcastle !
tottenham at home just can't score doesn't makes sense to me 
tot knocking seriously on newcastle's goal area ... like the way dey swtich attacks from both sides of d flank
what the fuck is going on with newcastle ? i don't understand what's happening .
amazing how much tottenham still miss bale .
tottenham - newcastle gros gros match
just confirms how bad of a team tottenham are
this spurs-newcastle game should end here now ... now !
oh dear how have tottenham not scored hahahahaha😂
krul is just d only saving grace newcastle has had this 2nd half . totthenham should be 3 goals up by now .
newcastle brought on another midfielder 4 a striker and what does avb do ? nothing ? such a retard
i hope newcastle can hold this lead 
go on the newcastle boyssss
18 shots on goal . newcastle haven't done anything aside from a 10 minute spell . krul only reason they're still ahead . mullet haired prick .
come on newcastle !!!
newcastle hanging on a bit .. really entertaining game
tottenham's fans are about as vocal as norwich's
love how tottenham have scored less goals than norwich this season in the league
tottenham don't have goals in them this season
if tottenham bring defoe on we're fucked
this newcastle v tottenham match is brilliant !! 
tottenham's finishing is absolutely shocking today !
tottenham do play some fast tempo attractive football . good to watch 
what has eaten today ? amazing performance so far 
i'm sure there's a who's got the shittest hair competition going on at newcastle .
newcastle have parked the yellow bus here .
arsenal's away kit and newcastle's away kit being the samba to the premier league ! 
we hate tottenham we hate tottenham
tottenham are losing to newcastle . its a damn shame .
fully done tottenham i'm done
newcastle are currently leading at white hart lane , alan pardew has done a great job so far
i would like spurs to be beaten by newcastle today , very much so . i enjoy hearing their racist fans boo when a result doesn't go their way
the newcastle goalkeeper , krul is good
i'm disappointed in tottenham man after spending so much they have scored only 9 goals in the league come on avb
i can see newcastle holding onto the win
as things stand the newcastle win over spurs will benefit us 
remy scored for newcastle 1-0 against tottenham
score newcastle we need to win this game
tottenham have an awesome midfield . their finishing is wanting though .
soldado is the most overrated player in the perm by far . 26m for a striker that can't score hahhahahahaha silly tottenham
minit ke 63 totteham 0-1 newcastle ( remy remos )
newcastle's goal keeper is the " shit " today !!
newcastle on d brink of another famous win ..
only the bottom 3 teams have scored fewer goals than tottenham . 
newcastle wasting time like there's not 25 mind left
hats off to newcastle , for not sitting back with a one goal lead . we wanted a team to come at us and they did . your move 
newcastle need to score a second soon with spurs attacking , no worry since the have krul as a keeper and spurs have sodaldo in strike 
erikson absolutely killing tottenham !!
tottenham has 18 attempts on goal and still not goal :o 
just wonder how much longer will newcastle be able to sustain this constant pressure from spurs 
tottenham would of been so much better off if they signed benteke instead of soldado
tottenham are even making eriksen look shit . smh
i won't critique tottenham's transfer activity until their acquisitions have been given ample time to gel . poor so far , mind .
come on newcastle !
this tottenham sef .
really enjoying this spurs vs newcastle game
keep it up newcastle ⚽️⚽️⚽️👏
looks like newcastle enjoy beating london sides ....
go on newcastle ...
come on newcastle , don't want spurs to win !!!
i just don't see how newcastle can hold on here .
go on newcastle ! would love them to get the win today .
newcastle need to slow the game down and counter attack with pace
krul is not having it .. come on newcastle !!
this is such a one sided second half performance !!! tottenham are so dominant surely it's just a matter of time ! #3points
can newcastle do dis 2 weeks in a row ?
tim krul has been braziliant against tottenham so far . last one , honest .
newcastle should win this !
woke up to tottenham losing !
now to watch tottenham vs newcastle , man city vs sunderland and man u vs arsenal ! 
so excited to go out in the toooooon tomorrow !! 21st 😄🎉🍸
all this strategy talk , tottenham are shit anyway
we need a pen , we need a peeeennnn we're tottenham hotspur and we need a pen . 🎶🎶
krul nailed on man of the match ??? what a performance by him so far 
66mins spurs 0-1 newcastle -soldado has missed a few chances , looks like defoe coming on soon
65th minute and newcastle are wasting time ? wtf
hoppas newcastle vinner yoo
tim krul is the only reason newcastle are still in this game !
aightttt newcastle
newcastle is picking up form 
newcastle are putting good effort in this match 
i love newcastle killing them spurs
newcastle united well organised at the back . 
tottenham you fuck up .
hope newcastle keep that win up !
work this morning - spurs vs newcastle - gym - united vs arsenal - cinema ( thor ) 
spurs create so many chances how long can newcastle hold out . obviously i hope for atleast 30 mins !
please newcastle 🙏
wooow is anybody watching tottenham hotspur ? this is the game to watch .....
suuuuper suuuunday . spurs newcastle , city sunderland , and arsenal man u . day = sorted
come on newcastle !
it'll be something if newcastle can hang on .
i bet the analyst in star sports 4 for spurs vs newcastle is a pathan .. :d 
newcastle with remy should see them to the top half of the pl when taking big scalps .
how newcastle have yall 1
 - temp : 4.9 c - humid : 88% - pres : 1017hpa ( steady ) - conditions : scattered clouds - wind : wnw 13.0 km/h 
gwarn the newcastle boiiis
" eriksen is our ozil " - tottenham fans .... what the fuck have they been smoking ?
come on newcastle , get another
tottenham are outstanding in the first two thirds of the pitch . and it's only a matter of time before they get it right in the final third
come on newcastle
tottenham spend so much money but can't score goals ?
why is tottenham playing today kmt messed up my whole shopping mojo chaaas
hahahaa tottenham mugs !!! cmon you geordies !!!
if newcastle win this it will be a miracle
lmaoo newcastle fans calling tottenham : ' arsenal wannabes '
newcastle doing their thing against tottenham
newcastle have a serious amount of shocking lids on display today 
 hotspurs keepers had it easy every shot strait at him . has finally been found out .
was callin newcastle all names in the book just last weekend ... am now cheering remy n sissoko on , smh . what a week can do in epl .
what's d tot - newcastle scoreline like pls ?
tottenham spurs actually play good fast paced soccer which i didn't think they could but they can't finish
tottenham sans bale <<<<<<<<<
tim krul newcastle goalie is having a blinder if only this lad was english !!!! 
the way i don't care about this tottenham game . i just want to hurry up and see arsenal and man utd
the pressure is becoming more intense for . not sure how much longer before they break . 
come on newcastle !!! 25mins to hold out
c'mon now tottenham !
pft afc have had an easy start to the season !... bate liverpool , tottenham , dortmond and napoli and if we beat utd today .? yeah " easy start "
spurs fans shouldn't feel so bad , even chelsea can't beat newcastle .
just don't understand why tottenham are finding it difficult to score with the quality of players they have
i see the newcastle time wasting train is rumbling on .
newcastle needs to score again to seal this victory .
hahaha ! scum 0-1 newcastle ! lets all laugh at tottenham !
soldado is playing great in defence for newcastle what is he doing avb take him off 
cabaye's distribution is amazin 
for all the money tottenham have spent they look fucking shite
newcastle deserve to win this game , i hope they do ! noone likes spurs and spurs and spurs and spurs .
come on newcastle ahah
hello newcastle , do me a favor and win spurs ... united gonn ' appreciate dat .
tottenham playing badly has made 6 fully grown men go and have a strop
tottenham should just lose jare ...
layed newcastle
wow tottenham vs newcastle is such an entertaining game , tim krul making some incredible saves , at this rate nothing will get passed him
newcastle will let a goal slip ! too much pressure by tottenham
newcastle sitting dangerously deep & inviting pressure . 
someone just said that for a team that spent £100+m in the summer tottenham hasn't scored a lot of goals
this newcastle kit , blurred by the shit stream makes me think of our old old away kit
i just saw a qihui cut down by tottenham
come on newcastle
newcastle defence and krul are unbelievable today !
newcastle v tottenham & fifa 14 - not a bad way to spend your sunday .. 
tottenham have scored 9 goals this season and 12 of them have been penalties
tottenham dont need bale they got a ( average ) team instead ......
i think arsenal , united , chelsea , city , liverpool and everton will all finish higher than tottenham this year
hate to say it but can't see not conceding here . endless pressure from , just wait for a bullshit penalty .
tottenham flopping everything
they're finding it hard to break through newcastle's midfield . lots of attacking players not moving into space and just waiting .
howay spurs man . i hate newcastle so much .
actually so disappointed with tottenham right now
c'mon newcastle !
tottenham's set-pieces have been really poor 
come on tottenham , fucking hell .
newcastle did this 2yrs ago . ( time wasted) . it didnt get them any points . b happy wit a draw today . i have a feeling we will get screwed
newcastle united !!!
be amazed if newcastle hold out here . soldado's pen can't be more than 15 mins away ?
serious how are we still behind , we're just dominating and newcastle are still in front by 1 goal . this ain't our day 
done pretty much everything but a newcastle win , sounds right for me .
tottenham firing on all cylinders in need of a goal but grt resistance 4rm n'castle! # tot vs new
 turning the screw now . surely we should get something from this game !? 
tottenham doing well at the moment . 0-1 against newcastle . krul is dog shite ! 
just woke up to see newcastle winning😳💯
let's go tottenham
jeez . tottenham are so shit
the tottenham we wamt every week only play well when sandro is on . maybe defoe can nick an equaliser .
come on newcastle :')
what a game that is being played ! keep it up , you're doing great ! 
come on newcastle !! :d
need newcastle to hang on here 🙌
tottenham will win 2-1 now that ma man defoes on
c'mon newcastle !
spurs are knocking on newcastle's door
as a newcastle fan .. surly you must know what's coming
qpr is probably like , " why the hell is remy playing like this for newcastle and didn't for us ?!" i'd be pissed !
howay newcastle ! 
i would love newcastle to win this
think tottenham are missing a certain welsh guy
tim krul having a big game for newcastle . think he'l be snapped up by a big club in the next year or 2 . 
tottenham are shite . so boring to watch .
continuez newcastle aller
i predicted a 0-0 between spurs & newcastle . going for a 4-0 win for city & a 2-2 draw between united & arsenal . 
 do it !!!!
tottenham are really struggling for goals this season , but that what you get for going with 1 striker all the time
lets go newcastle
newcastle winning arsenal win later perfect sunday after 
how newcastle are winning against spurs is beyond me , average team
wow can't believe newcastle is winning spurs .
krul is a beast . 
come on newcastle hold on !
come on tottenham don't make me have to log back on to lay another bet - never should bet on first game .
are spurs actually losing at home to newcastle ahahahahah
newcastle look a much better team minus papiss cisse at the moment
i feel bad for tottenham
carlisle is so much colder than newcastle , whuuut
the tottenham bench is very strong . lennon , lamela , holtby and defoe all game changers sitting there waiting .
really need another newcastle goal just now . spurs are hammering it
i reckon today may be all away wins - newcastle , man city and of course 
krull performance of the century no matter what happens 
newcastle need to make a change man
newcastle hold on
utd , city , chelsea , ars , liverpool would have punished newcastle so bad by now . this is beyond frustrating
got a feeling this will finish 0-2 , with a newcastle counter attack . remy .
tottenham 21 crosses 2 successful you'd think they'd work out a different way to attack by now
i dont understand how a team can even rebound from losing to winless sunderland then beat chelsea and possibly tottenham .
come on newcastle and bring it home today away at old trafford arsenal 4life
newcastle defending class , they'll score on the counter soon
* super sunday update * 68 minutes played & it's still , tim krul 1 v 0 tottenham man of the match
glad people have finally caught on that tottenham isn't as good as their record suggests . been relying on pk's way too much this season .
tim krul is merking it 
whats happened to newcastle like came out looking like headless donkeys on blackpool beach with a toddler on the backs 
come on bale need you to score against newcastle for big money 
tottenham losing with lamela(a £26m signing ) still warming the bench smh
there's some good football on today , just got back in seeing tottenham losing
the reporters behind the newcastle goal would have been cacking it when walker came running towards them at pace .
c'mon newcastle
betting toon btts never comes off , why do newcastle never concede though
i thought lamela was meant to be the next ronaldo .... why wouldn't you put him on when your losing to newcastle then ? lol 
defoe getting ready to go in for tottenham . they lead newcastle 1-0 after 67 '
i always thought tim krul newcastle's goalkeeper is one of the best in the world , today i admit it , you are a beast 
come on tottenham u twats .
newcastle holding on
krul hav to change his name to cool good goalkeeping . newcastle hav an upper hand in this . 
andre’s tottenham have become far too functional and rigid . just not as fluid as his porto side were . need help , andre ? 😊
need newcastle to win sunderland and man utd come on
 greatly underrated , but here comes who generally loves scoring against 
ordinarily spurs would've had a goal but the yellow & blue of newcastle make them think they'ye up against 
don't rate tottenham at all
come newcastle ! hold on !!
newcastle are tired . the inevitable is coming kmt
fancy a newcastle , sunderland & arsenal treble today . haha
what a game to start of super sunday . spartan-esque defending by newcastle . 
tottenham are hella shit team full of wankers
whats the actual chances of tottenham scoring ? !
newcastle keep the ball ffs
now that newcastle is trying
newcastle's counter attack is goood
how many through balls have gone so easily through newcastle's left side ?
come on newcastle !
is it fair to expect more from and ? so many new players ?
coys !!! 
newcastle united giving fans heart attacks since 1892 
newcastle goalie is having a brilliant game . that save from the deflected fk a personal favourite
come on newcastle kill this game off ..
too want newcastle spank them another one .
newcastle are fucking awful !! 
newcastle will need a second .
come on tottenham , what are you doing ... painful to watch .
newcastle look like brazil in that kit
i'll remember this day for ever ! not seen one positive tweet about spurs , who are infact at home , to newcastle ! who's the fickle team ?
come on newcastle beat the spuds
newcastle are terrible with possession . string some passes together you geordie tossers !
spurs looking ripe to concede a newcastle goal against the run of play . or have i just prevented that from happening by tweeting about it ?
it's only a matter of time before tottenham score like .
if tottenham loses i wont hahaha
i love you newcastle !
newcastle are in top top form ...
newcastle's left back is getting mullered .
rancak la plak game spurs newcastle ni !!
would be a terrific result away to spurs for newcastle if they can hang on to their 1-0 lead ! not a bad result for an fan either !
why am i in the newcastle shop get me out now
the only tactic you need to use to beat newcastle is to attack on santon's side .
newcastle soaking up pressure with a very impressive back 5 . 
i need newcastle n mayb sunderland to win !
if newcastle get this right , there's a second for them on the break
yanga mbiwa doing well in that newcastle defense
tottenham would obviously dropping 3 points
tottenham play some lovely stuff , just can't score . 9 goals in 10 games previous to this is shocking
5 newcastle players in the box with soldado and we cross the ball .
there asking for it newcastle here ..
newcastle have been awful ...
newcastle and cardiff away are gonna be the dogs bollocks
so newcastle is winning tottenham in white hart lane ... winning chelsea really boosted their morale
a quiet house , on tv , and a purring cat on my lap .....
newcastle under siege at the mo . 
this will be really krul on tottenham if they lose
can defoe beat krul in the newcastle goal 
turn sky sports on to see that tottenham are getting beat👍😂
newcastle have parked the bus 
newcastle are seriously , seriously pathetic .
newcastle playerz plsss nd plsss get somtin frm white hart lane oo
my accumulator today newcastle swansea city roma atletico barca
big win for newcastle if they hold on ... huge loss tho for tottenham
tim krul having a super game so far for 
sorry tottenham ... no penalty no party
substitution for tottenham : defoe , sigurdsson .
i have zero respect for anyone who chooses an english side by why on earth would you choose newcastle or liverpool ? scum to a man .
come on tottenham
if sunderland and united win and this scoreline stays in newcastle's favour , it'll be soooo good for us
spurs-newcastle is panning out into a real old-school british football match . apart from the noon sunday kickoff and the 17 foreign players .
your all over newcastle , just please bag 2 goals . please
tottenham ruining my accumulator already !
defoe on = newcastle concede , watch this space
newcastle playing like shit right now
newcastle would be better off breaking in greater numbers . they're generally better offensively than defensively , a second goal would be key
newcastle are gonna defend this out . we have no penetration .
first half we play like realmadrid second half we play like newcastle
defoe's the only tottenham player i like
fuck off newcastle . so many chances to counter !! just take one of them and score ffs .
lucas haters who compare him with paulinho should take a look at newcastle's first goal . paulinho was at fault- should've stopped cabaye 
this match is too tense 🙈need to hold on newcastle . hahah ⚽️
hang on newcastle !!
newcastle won't see it out playing like this
the amount of chances tottenham have had , defoe should take some
at this time boro were beating newcastle 3-1 at home , with krul in goal .. spurs are 1-0 down with krul in goal= boro better than spurs ..
newcastle il mene 1-0 les batard
i will die while watching a newcastle match
tottenham piling up pressure , newcastle can't keep this lead .
defoe coming newcastle in january
tottenham are playing all over newcastle ! it's ridiculous how we've had 18 attempts and still haven't scored
tottenham have spent £100million to become worse . 
i still miss the moment when i watch newcastle vs chelsea with my friends hahaha
yes defoe . need tottenham to win ! i can't have my bet lose in the first game ! wow
the newcastle away kit is real sexy
must be easy for the newcastle defenders due to the fact there is only soldado in the box who has done nothing .
i hope newcastle win this game
add another goal newcastle , come on .
tottenham are sweating
bring on lennon and defoe now ! : tottenham vs newcastle ( 68 ' ) vs 
great performance by tim krul 
newcastle in yellow .. leadint tots 1/0 
i actually have more creativity than the entire tottenham line-up this season . it's like watching paint dry .
 are just inviting a penalty at the moment . no outlet . sitting back . where the pressure ? keep em out of the box !
tottenham are throwing everything at newcastle right now boy
tottenham should of scored like 6 goals already
tottenham substitute gylfi sigurdsson off jermain defoe on
for fuck sake defoe doesn't miss sitters .. sort it newcastle . nowwww
tottenham sub : sigurdsson off , defoe on
how longs tottenham guna be knocking the door for
tottenham have the most fickle home fans ...
" dawson to tottenham's rescue " take note daws haters ! 
newcastle next weekend 👌
hope newcastle hold on
as jonas might say , " vamos newcastle come on newcastle "
let's go newcastle ! help us be the only team in 2nd place !
gorn newcastle
tottenham sub sigurdsson to defoe 69 mins
newcastle🙏
what do you think of tottenham ?
sub for tottenham : sigurdsson off , defoe on
newcastle are no mugs , but i just can't believe how much hype spurs got at start of season , decent team but they ain't all that ....
 || 70 ' en londres . tottenham hotspur 0 - 1 newcastle united
smashed last night
hahaha tottenham got shegged out of what would of been there best signing 
newcastle just need to hold on now
newcastle will be pleased to see defoe coming on
that said , he often scores against newcastle ... as many strikers do .
i fancied newcastle today and didn't put any money on it 
even though i hate them , newcastle are doing us a favuor here so please hang on .
68 ' out ' sigurdsson in ' defoe . | tottenham hotspur 0 - 1(remy 12 ' ) newcastle | 
