c'mon on chelsea !
westham are playing 10 men omg are they asking for a whooping
come on chelsea ..
the beautiful white chelsea away jersey !
come on chelsea
west ham united v chelsea starts shortly . dedicated hashtag : 
sacrificing my sleep just to watch my chelsea play . :')
chelsea will wear white
come on chelsea
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea .
woke up in time for the chelsea game !
chelsea vs the hammers
west ham-chelsea 
come on chelsea . lets gooooo
come on chelsea . let's beat these cunts 
come on chelsea !!! 
a big win tonight could take chelsea to second , while west ham need points to get a gap from the drop zone 
was going to watch west ham vs chelsea then i heard niall quinns voice 
i love this chelsea's away jersey
watching the west ham - chelsea game at work :o come on west ham ;) 
so frustrating not seeing mata in the starting xi and i'm not even a chelsea fan ! he's class , what you playing at mourinho 😐
come on chelsea especially against a team with no strikers
come on chelsea
chelsea can fuck off
west han vs chelsea ! 
chelsea's kit white and blue
come on chelsea
back just in time for the chelsea game
come on chelsea !!
tak best la chelsea away
come on chelsea !!
chelsea 8/13 .... i got £50 on .
chelsea link plsss > <
c'mon chelsea fc !!! 
special thanks to chelsea weidman and julie sinning for all of their material help today !! 
 chelsea vs west ham and dortmund vs bayern
come on chelsea ! blue is the colour <3 
kick off ! come on chelsea !!
let's hope that cfc don't get a dubious penalty & westham don't get a man sent off for an innocuous tackle !
i just cried looking at chelsea's midfield
c'mon chelsea 
c'mon chelsea ⚽️❤️
screaming chelsea chants at home since all my roommates are gone . 
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea .
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea all the way !
chelsea vs west ham united streaming !!! semangat !!! 
alininiacion de cech ; ivanovic , cahill , terry ( c) , azpilicueta ; mikel , lampard ; ramires , oscar , hazard ; eto'o
my prediction is west ham 0-4 chelsea , cahill , ramires , hazard x2
come on chelsea
 chelsea vs west ham
chelsea's kit is mint !!!
kick off come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea !!!!!!
this is the type of game where we just need to pick up the result . come on chelsea !
jus need chelsea , man city and man united to beat the scum for £270 #👏
 match is on , mean while this fans here are burning ...
john terry cappitanoo !! come on chelsea !! going for a 4-1 chelsea !
chelsea and bayern today ⚪️🔴🇩🇪🇩🇪👌
chelsea forever 
come on chelsea
come on chelsea !!!!!
decided on chelsea game , can see west ham pulling of a good win here
right come on chelsea ... 3points .. 3points .. go , go , go boys !! we can do this !! ⚽️
come on chelsea !
that chelsea kit😍
chelsea kit is like french kit
come on chelsea . 
tricky trip for chelsea , difficult one for west ham .
geez ! chelsea white jersey make sense die
still waiting for chelsea's attack to flourish
come on chelsea ! 
time for dortmund vs bayern . going to have west ham vs chelsea in the background as well .
 come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea 
west ham vs chelsea ..... that's more like it !!!
chelsea vs west ham 
get ready for the chelsea west ham tweets abby
come on chelsea ! come on chelsea ...!!!
let's smash chelsea 
omg my mum is in bluebird have cocktails with jamie lang and made in chelsea people what so jel
fer has to carry howson . relegation fodder and this year we'd have to be safe with 4 games to go . liverpool man u chelsea arsenal .
kick off babak pertama ! come on chelsea .
when football in on , you can't speak in my house 
let " s goo broo .. the blues chelsea ... #3points
if chelsea lose they can finish below 8th end of tomorrow😂
and here we go ! west ham v chelsea and dortmund v bayern is up momentarily .
... then like west ham , they fade and die . tottenham always running , arsenal running too . we're the chelsea blue-boys ... 
 ... bringing and fans together since week 2
mourinho should leave to keep chelsea fc's career alive ! 
finally get to watch chelsea's match ! 💙💙💙 
watching westham with daddy x
come on chelsea 
kick off at upton park : west ham 0-0 chelsea . come on you blues !
 west ham vs . chelsea
i love that white chelsea kit
woot woot go chelsea
that's kick-off - chelsea attacking the bobby moore stand end first half . 
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea come on blues
c'mon chelsea let's get this away form on track
really dislike the fact that jose always chooses eto ' in favour over demba ba 
now for west ham to dick chelsea
come on chelsea
chelsea honouring the dutch by wearing their phenomenal red-white-blue kits . good .
come on chelsea !!!
i hope chelsea get battered
west ham xi vs chelsea jaaskelainen , nolan , tomkins , collison , morrison , noble , o'brien , collins , demel , downing , j . cole
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea . come onnnnnnn
this channel is supposed to show chelsea vs west ham , not lazy town ...
come on chelsea . rip this west ham team apart .
let's go chelsea ! 
will west ham beat chelsea
i will choose chelsea
come on chelsea !
let's go chelsea !!
chelsea fans sha you guys should calmdown
kick off west ham vs chelsea 
should be a straight win .. kickoff .
c'mon chelsea get into this filth !
afta a long tym in action come on all 3 pts ( y )
gave the landlord enhanced arbon odds on 1-0 west ham . he's got £20 on at 18/1 . come on chelsea !! ha
lets go chelsea !!!
come on chelsea
come on chelsea bore me the fuck off . oh wait ... 
c'mon chelsea !!! 
maroon for west ham , white for chelsea !!! gdluck guys . forever blues~
west ham united vs chelsea
tempted to ditch west ham vs chelsea for dortmund vs bayern . what a game that'll be !
come on chelsea !!!!
chelsea : a convincing win , please 
come on chelsea !!
chelsea to complete a joyous saturday no doubt . quinn will do his bit too .
kick off 1 half , come on chelsea !! 3 point !
west ham vs chelsea ' comon you fucking hammers let's fucking aveee ittt !!!!!!!!!!
chelsea's still sleeping she'll be upset when she wakes up and realizes she's missing the game
come on chelsea
come on chelsea !
chelsea fans debating who'll play in right or left mid or play in whatever position ? bitch stfu ! all your players are defenders
come on chelsea . 
come on chelsea 
come on chelsea ! 
got a feeling chelsea are gonna absolutely smash west ham tonight . oscar and hazard to do some damage ! ;) come on you blues !!
come on chelsea we need a win !
come on chelsea！
come on chelsea 
i hope chelsea don't completely destroy us ..
come on chelsea ! lets have these east end pricks !
when my accumulator depends soley on my own team .. better not mess this up chelsea .. better not mess this up ...
westham will win dis match
hope chelsea fuck the shit out of west ham tbh 😂
kick off !!! westham vs chelsea b )
come on chelsea . kick off !
come on chelsea !!! 💙
team chelsea !!!
kick off , come on chelsea !
come on chelsea
come on chelsea . damage west ham's goal difference .
come on chelsea！！
mata on the bench again for chelsea . izzy brown must've missed out on the toss of the coin . 
borussia dortmund vs bayern munich west ham united vs chelsea ควรดูคู่ไหนเนี่ยยยยยยย = =/
after chelsea vs westham there are 2 and a half la liga matches to watch 
come on ! blues 
kick-off . here we go . west ham united vs chelsea fc . 
kick off ! west ham vs chelsea ! 
come on chelsea !
chelsea forever 
please westham win
come on chelsea !!! london derby time !
kick off west ham united v chelsea 
but come on chelsea !!! prove me wrong plz !
come on come on chelsea
kick off is underway between west ham united v chelsea who will win in this epic east london derby 1 
come on chelsea !!!
its been a long time since i last stayed up to watch soccer lets go chelsea !!! ( side note : good memories at the same match last year 😌)
kick off : west ham - chelsea . referee - chris foy ! 
cmon chelsea keep my coupon going
kick-off . chelsea ftw
west ham vs chelsea on now on nbc .
kick off babak pertama . c'mon chelsea .
kick off time !! come on !! 😃
come on chelsea !
chelsea come on .
 vs kicks-off !!! come on chelsea !!!
west ham vs . chelsea 
chelsea team : cech ; ivanovic , cahill , terry ( c) , azpilicueta ; mikel , lampard ; ramires , oscar , hazard ; eto'o .
osheyyy chelsea about to kick off !!!
come on chelsea 💪
chelsea's attacking options are crazy . willian , mata and schurrle can only make the bench tonight . oh my days .
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea !
come on the blues ! chelsea fc !
come on chelsea ..
so good to see chelsea back make us proud boys
come on you irons !!! ( especially today as i live with a chelsea fan ! )
kick off . chelsea !
east london v west london . come on chelsea !!!
kick off : chelsea 💙 vs west ham #مشتاقين
kick-off . chelsea vs west ham . (: 
chelsea chelsea chelsea , come on blues !!!!!!
chelsea vs . west ham . finally
c'mon chelsea let's hammer the hammers . while i go eat some fillet steak ! 
 kit is so annoying , is has the color of all of our kits !!! 
come on chelsea ! 
lets go chelsea
come on chelsea !!
kick off ! chelsea vs west ham utd . come on chelsea !!! lets make it !!! 
kick off . go chelsea !
watching chelsea's match !!
come on chelsea
don't like chelsea but would love to see frank lampard score against west ham for all the shit he gets off their dickhead fans
kick off !! cmon chelsea !! u
 kik off to 24 point
lets go chelsea
 west ham vs chelsea fc 
kick off !! come on chelsea ! 
come on chelsea 
chelsea for little 9 billa
and we're off . come on chelsea !!
chelsea !!!....
a draw would be nice ... west ham v chelsea
chelsea's bench 😮
forever chelsea . ejas comeyy . kickoff doh tuu .
that's kick-off - chelsea attacking the bobby moore stand end first half . 
west ham vs . chelsea .
anyways its game time ! 
stick your fucking bubbles up ya arse 
kick-off ! come on chelsea !! 
west ham vs chelsea west ham have won the least points at home in the league so far . ( 4 )
andy carroll will score a double and sink chelsea
hope chelsea lose 🚶
live ! 1 ' west ham v , dortmund v are underway . follow for all the goal alerts . 
come on chelsea !
c'mon chelsea !!!!
let's go chelsea !! 
now all i want is a draw form west ham-chelsea
 chelsea vs west ham united
kick off ! come on ! 
could my day get any worse by the way ? if chelsea lose it will just top it off✊💦
tak larat ah gua nak layan chelsea men . so goodnight party people !
kick off chelsea v/s west ham united at upton park
kick-off ! come on , chelsea !
chelsea match in a lil , taking bets
come on chelsea !!
chelsea vs west ham united nowww .. 
kick off chelsea- west ham
come on !!!
come on chelsea ! 
come on chelsea !
kick off chelsea vs west ham , c'mon chelsea ... c'mon chelsea
kickoff !!! chelsea !!!
cmon chelsea .
 west ham vs chelsea 
kick-off at upton park : west ham vs chelsea . come on you blues ! let's get november back on track with three points ! 
kick off : west ham u - chelsea good luck chelsea !! o: )
come on chelsea ! 
why doesn die klassiche have to be on at the same time as chelsea 
told dad i love chelsea and he nearly cried 🙊
so q3 just started and so has the chelsea game . will have to follow the f1 on twitter .
kick off babak 1 !!! come on chelsea
kick off ! come on chelsea !!!
now chelsea vs west ham united . hope win ! chelsea : *
kick off ! come on chelsea !
 time ! go go chelsea ! 
west ham v chelsea kick off
let's go chelsea let's go
come on chelsea !! 
chelsea haven't kept a pl clean sheet for 16 games . they're playing us ; we don't have a striker . think i know what's coming next , then .....
you cant do it 
come on chelsea 
come on chelsea !!!
westham too good to use striker for ordinary chelsea !
come on chelsea ! 💙
goodluck ah chelsea .
i arrived home when chelsea fc going to play !!
lemme see what chelsea's looking like this morning
kick off babap pertama west ham ? s chelsea ... go go the blues !!!
west ham vs chelsea or dortmund vs bayern ... it's a no brainer
chelsea vs west ham
i really fucking hope we beat chelsea
chelsea dropping points would round off a good day for us .
lets go chelsea !!!!
west ham vs chelsea 🎈
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea don't sleep up .
west ham v chelsea next at 17:30 - starmen = terry & lampard should take control of this match with jupiter rising for playmakers & gamblers
chelsea and the munich game . lets get it
come on chelsea !
let's get it chelsea
come on chelsea !
let's go chelsea ! get the win ! 
kick off di mulai . come on chelsea !!! we love you chelsea . we do !!!
chelsea vs west ham ! 
come on you irons ! beat chelsea ! 
its show fucking time !! chelsea vs west ham
kick off . come on chelsea 
come on you irons !!! 
oh . fuck no . my chelsea match is not being pre-empted by the university of wisconsin band ...
chelsea leggo ... i remember this stadium .
west ham - chelsea sop :// broker.sopcast.com:3912/146475
c'mon chelsea !!
come on chelsea !!!!!!
come on chelsea
come on chelsea !!! back in action ! 💙
first half west ham united vs chelsea fc at bein sport 1 
time for chelsea !! 
chelsea : a convincing win , please .
chelsea kits is awesome
lets go chelsea fc !!!!!! 
cmon chelsea !!!!! make my wknd b a good wknd ive waited long enough
 west ham - chelsea . 
come on chelsea !!!
yesss they're passing the chelsea v west ham on nbc
chelsea is my heaven
what a scorching day , it's been so hot today and it's still shining down now whilst watching west ham v chelsea on my dads birthday !
come on chelsea
come onnn chelsea !!!!
lets go chelsea !! 💙💙
come on chelsea ! 
any streaming link for chelsea match 
whos got time for when u have vs 
kick off : west ham 0 vs 0 chelsea fc · barclays premier league · keep the blue flag flying high !!
come on chelsea
go chelsea✌️
come on chelsea
time for chelsea
can wait to see chelsea losing .... # read devils
let's go chelsea !
ok the game just start west ham vs chelsea .....
 underway , chelsea badly need a win .
mikel instead of ramires in midfield and ramires instead of mata up top . come on jose think about it . 
west ham vs chelsea ? aint no one got time for that . bvb vs bayern munich ? yah everyone got time for that . haha 
why anyone let's me watch chelsea games in their rooms has always baffled me . valuables are put out of harms reach
west ham vs chelsea 
west ham vs chelsea . east and west .
come on chelsea !
let's go chelsea !
chelsea fc this should be three points
finally ! kickoff for chelsea ☺️
a big win tonight could take chelsea to second , while west ham need points to get a gap from the drop zone 
kickoff .. i'm wid chelsea
westham vs chelshit underway .
olivier giroud's performance today reminded me of drogba back in the day for chelsea ! 
first half . chelsea vs west ham
ready for chelsea match ! , #3point !
let's go chelsea ... ♥
c'mon chelsea !!
let's go grab that w chelsea !! 
mata < any other chelsea player ... 
kick off ! come on chelsea 
i think practically all of chelsea's bench would go straight in to most premier league teams first team
chelsea lets get it . 
westham vs chelsea match unpoint leeqooo we need to win
come on chelsea
come on chelsea
chelsea 0-0 west ham would be perfect . but im pretty sure it wont happen .
westham vs chelsea can either mean ill be in a great mood at work or ill be the most grumpiest shot girl in chelmsford 
hard to pick a winner between west ham & chelsea , dislike both ! mon the referee
c'mon chelsea ! 
chelsea about to play ⚽️👌👍😁
won't be happy with anything other than a win 
west ham and chelsea . 🙏👏
come on chelsea ! 
 west ham vs chelsea ...!!
nu bli det chelsea vs west ham united , lets see how this goes haha ...
chelsea vs west ham on the tv
kick off london debby , chelsea vs west ham
west ham - chelsea 
let's get it . chelsea football club
 west ham vs chelsea , good luck west ham
westham ,,, please , justice for westbrom
that's kick-off - chelsea attacking the bobby moore stand end first half . 
yallaaa chelsea !!
chelsea about to play now 
chelsea chelsea ! come on chelsea ? 
i love chelsea's white jersey !
 west ham united vs chelsea
good luck chelsea 💙 .
come on chelsea ! 
twitter will keep me updated for bayern - dortmund , let's watch chelsea then .
chelsea grin in the morning ... 👌💁
let's go chelsea this should be a easy win .
can west ham win it against chelsea ?
inshalla chelsea loses 
supersport thought that chelsea westham is more important than bvb bayern sigh will watch the chavs i guess
come on chelsea !! 
come on chelsea
chelsea is playing :d
watching chelsea game online , commentator in english ... owyeah ...
chelsea - west ham 12:30 pm nbc 
 we under way .. east meets west .. come on chelsea !!!
kick-off . come on chelsea !
chelsea to lose for sure .
i hope west ham beat chelsea tonight . then united move to 3rd with a win tomorrow as long as spurs don't win .
come on chelsea ! 
let's go chelsea ! vs 
arsenal fans av taken over 4rm . chelsea fans for boasting and saying rubbish ... una go get hot later dis season sha , no pity !!!
chelsea vs westham 
not even excited for chelsea
chelsea vs west ham , the game begins
time to watch west ham v chelsea with the sound off 
come on chelsea
chelsea wins , united 4th chelsea loses , united 3rd come on west ham
i'm watching keeping up with the kardashians .... that than watching chelsea play ...
ktbffh .. come on chelsea
come on chelsea . let's do this !!!!!!!!
someone tell me why niall quinn is commentating on west ham vs chelsea , fuck off you annoying cunt
aih goodnight . good luck chelsea ! 💙💙
ya se juega ! west ham vs . chelsea . 
go go
come on chelsea . west ham vs chelsea . 
c'mon chelsea 
kick off . come on , chelsea !
watching chelsea 💙
wearing arsenal . supporting man utd . watching chelsea . ♥
come on chelsea !! wegoingin !! 
mata not getting a game for chelsea is a disaster he was the 4th best player in the league last season lol come to liverpool son
i don't care about the other results ! arsenal won , liverpool drew ! whatever !!! i brutually want chelsea to win it tonight !
except for d chelsea fans no offence
 west ham vs chelsea .
london derby , west ham vs chelsea , kicked off .
why are chelsea wearing white :(
game time chelsea let's get it !
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea !!!!!!!!!!!
into this lot chelsea
west ham v chelsea or dortmund v munich not a hard choice is it
come on chelsea
alright now west ham vs chelsea
c'mon chelsea
come on you chelsea ! 
mon chelsea i need some money 😘
chelsea !!!! leggoo !!
idk what to watch , bayern vs dormound or chelsea vs west ham
chelsea players owes us the fans a win
so excited for chelsea , liverpool next month ! hoping terry isn't injured ! seems to always be the way when i go and watch 😞
i really hope chelsea lose .
come on chelsea !
west ham vs chelsea . ayuh chelsea ! ☺
pounded yam with ogbono soup afta dat sweet arsenal victory . now settling down 2 see chelsea drop points , wat a saturday this has been . whew !
c'mon chelsea !!! 
mom changed the lounge's setting . hope its a good sign for chelsea
come on chelsea !
last premier league game of the day - west ham v chelsea
come on chelsea !
 west ham vs chelsea game on !!! c'mom chelsea !! 
chelsea boutta beat west ham
chelsea game just started
west ham xi vs chelsea : jaaskelainen ; collins , tomkins , collison , morrison , noble , o'brien , demel , nolan , downing , j . cole . 
god save chelsea !
come on chelsea !! 
dale chelsea ! come on you blues !!!!
dan match dah start ! go , chelsea ! beat west ham !
it's gotta be dortmund vs bayern over west ham vs chelsea surely ?
come on chelsea !!
chelsea now on nbc , vs west ham . so odd to watch a night game w/lights on
come on chelsea !
lets go chelsea !!!
hey chelsea !! everything ok down there ??
chelsea's jerseys tonight 😳😍
win , lose or tie . chelsea till i die .
on bed watching football come on chelsea 
chelsea to lose and hazard to score to a hatrick . 
come on chelsea !! come on chelsea !! come on chelsea !! 
come on chelsea ! go for the win ! not gonna be easy though .
back home in time for the chelsea game :d
chelsea v west ham
fuck em all fuck em all ' unt west ham liverpool . cos we are the chelsea and we are the best ........
lets go chelsea ko
if ramires doesn’t play in the pivot ( which is not his natural position anyway) , he has no role in this chelsea playing xi . "
en de derby west ham united - is begonnen !!! comeonyoublues
come on chelsea !!!!!
come on chelsea !!! 
come on chelsea
nice £600 if chelsea win tonight on my accy .
 : jaaskelainen ; demel , collins , tomkins , o'brien; collison , noble ; downing , morrison , joe cole ; nolan .
lets go chelsea 
match's started ... come on chelsea !!! 
xi chelsea : cech ; ivanovic , cahill , terry ( c) , azpilicueta ; mikel , lampard ; ramires , oscar , hazard ; eto'o . 
its chelsea's turn ... lol
kick off babak pertama .. come on chelsea .. 
common u blues revenge from last year when we lost common chelsea . best team 
come on chelsea .
come on chelsea 😁⚽️
in the 2nd half of the game today , lukaku scored a brace , moses won the free kick which lead to sturridge scoring equaliser . 
come on chelsea !!!! 3pts today
who doesnt foresee a chelsea draw ?
lets go chelsea
oh my gaaaaad this chelsea away jersey :')
come on 
i don't care who the manager is , or who is on the pitch . all i care about is chelsea winning . 
let's go chelsea !!!
lets go chelsea
chelsea ....... leggggoooo
chelsea looking to keep pace with the leaders of the table . manchester united fans stay hating .
 west ham united vs chelsea 
love the chelsea whites 
let's go chelsea !!!!
come on chelsea !!!!! 
fuck west ham chelsea , it's all about dortmund v bayern !
been looking forward to westham vs chelsea all day . niall quinns voice has already ruined it for me ..
dvring the chelsea game today , so look forward to that later tonight folks
hoping chelsea doesn't win ..
good luck chelsea , may force be with you ! 
mw puse a ver whes han chelsea
 
chelsea away kit reminds me of the 2006/7 one
football time , come on chelsea !
kickoff west ham vs 
watching west ham vs . chelsea today go blues
c'mon chelsea !
uno what would top this day of nice is if chelsea lost aswell
come on chelsea ..
" john terry's role in the team to score goals " chelsea fans crack me up
come on chelsea !
if atletico madrid , ac milan , real madrid and chelsea win £100s coming my way😋
lets gooo chelsea !!!
come on chelsea ! 
this is a must win game for chelsea . but we never do well at upton park ⚽️ 
aye let's go chelsea
anyway , come on chelsea !!!
chelsea !!!!! 
next ... borussia dortmund vs bayern muchen , who's watching chelsea's match .. mtchew !
sat in a proper country pub that's warm and cosy about to watch west ham get shat all over by chelsea .
and we are off chelsea to win and bayern btts
unfortunately , clashes with west ham v chelsea . i'm a premier league man through and through
kick-off : the ball is rolling at upton park . west ham 0-0 chelsea .
a win for chelsea and dortmund would just perfect my day 
love that chelsea away kit !!
chelsea , man utd , man city or tottenham are all 1 win away from 3rd position . it's going to be an interesting end of the year .
come on chelsea . don't be crap .
dortmund and chelsea are playing at the same time . smh . lets get it !! 💛💙
come on chelsea . crucial 3 points to get here 
tune in for chelsea now
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea !!! 
come one chelsea 
thanks to all the hammers for retweeting my stuff !! ! fuck off chelsea !!!
okay here we go chelsea
alright chelsea on !
i love chelsea football club more than anything .
so much tension in the mayne household right now 
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea now .. wish them best
lets go blues !!! chelsea football all day eeerday .
come on chelsea !
still not sure about this away kit , but nevertheless , come on chelsea !!
come on chelsea !!
come on chelsea ❤️⚽️
 on chelsea !!
chelsea up next
come on chelsea ! 
common chelsea !!! 
come on chelsea
west ham xi vs chelsea : jaaskelaainen ; demel , collins , tomkins , o'brien; noble , collison ; downing , morrison , cole ; nolan 
watching the chelsea game
streaming ?? ahh , no ... imma go sleep u , u chelsea must win 
chelsea's bench is wow
i predict ether 3-1 chelsea or 1-0 westham
come on the chelsea . 
game time chelsea vs west ham
come on chelsea !!!!!!
what a match starting right now , exhibition stuff for the whole of football , chelsea vs west ham :p
waduh antara chelsea sm dortmund ne hahaha
lets go you facking blues 
looking forward to the bayern and chelsea game .
c'mon chelsea
i will see chelsea play at stamford bridge before i die
west ham united and chelsea
might as well watch the chelsea match then
common chelsea !
chelsea and dortmund , make me sleep well tonight . lets go !
common chelsea !
chelsea go win
chelsea ... lehgooooo !
germany match on espn ........ chelsea on nbc ........ decisions
i've missed chelsea !!
le banc de chelsea >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
kick off ! come on chelsea !
i need a win chelsea
come on chelsea 
come on chelsea
got chelsea vs west ham and dortmund vs bayern on should be good
go chelsea !
 west ham vs chelsea .
come on west ham lets do the chelsea scum 
come on chelsea !
let's go chelsea
cmon chelsea - missed the football , can't wait for some consistency in the season ! we need to thrash a team now ! 
ok channel switch , chelsea match start
i love the third jerseys for chelsea
only pakistan and north korea not viewing the dortmund bayern game ! forget west ham chelsea , this is the game to watch !
chelsea vs west ham bluess
chelsea please draw or lose maybe :d
chelsea game on yes
really ? chelsea is not a threat dis season . we shall see
3points please chelsea
chelsea time ! c'mon 
come on chelsea !
watching west ham v chelsea while chilling with a beer sorted
lets watch the west ham utd vs chelsea game , with the hopes that chelsea loses .. * crossed fingers *
demel muscles hazard off the ball down chelsea's left wing . hammers throw . 0-0 1m
 ham v 
i reeeeeeeally like this chelsea kit today . * hint hint *
if i was a chelsea fan , i'd be so frustrated with mourinho for leaving mata on the bench all the time
come on chelsea !
chelsea kit is looking fresh
what ham - chelsea 
game on , chelsea vs west ham . come on you , blues !
only need chelsea to win for £123 . come on you blues !!!! 
belle soiree football , dortmund - bayern ou west ham - chelsea du grand 9
fuck west ham and the chelsea game .., dortmund vs bayern it is
oh how i've missed watching chelsea on tv . it's been too long
chelsea all d freaking f*cking wayyy !!!!!!!
come on , chelsea ! 
just need chelsea to win 🙏
come on chelsea 💙
let's go chelsea fc !!!!
kick off ! west ham vs chelsea
kick off .. come on chelsea
fuck off west ham fuck off chelsea yid army
lets go chelsea !!!
west ham vs chelsea or dortmund vs bayern ? is it even worth asking ?
 go !!!!
come on chelsea 
west ham versus chelsea ? or dortmund versus munich ? bit of a no-brainer that
chelsea o'clock 
west ham utd vs chelsea . 
was looking forward to watching the chelsea west ham game , that was until that irish bellend niall quinn spoke . 
come on chelsea we need this win . let's take the 3 points please . 
chelsea's top is a belter
come on chelsea !
whu v chelsea , barca vs some fodder from la liga , or bayern vs dortmund ? all hail bt sport . bit of bundesliga for me
surely no ones watching the chelsea game over the dortmund and bayern one
 and are both starting for .
dortmund vs bayern over west ham vs chelsea , easy
come on chelsea !!
come on chelsea !! 
 chelsea chelsea ... come on you .
come on chelsea 😎
 | comienza en londres !!! west ham - chelsea 0-0 .
i prefer to watch impala vs nondhies than watch chelsea play . lets go bundesliga
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea .
currently sat here watching west ham united take on chelsea in fitbaw .... and funny thing is i don't support either celtic all the way !!
viva le blue chelsea chelsea 
 
common ! who ever that against chelsea ;)
chelsea vs . west ham kick off .. arsenal 7 points clear . 
stoke have won , now i just want chelsea to as well😍
chelsea bench cudicini , carvalho , cole , robben , wright-phillips 
now watching whu 0 vs 0 chelsea .
hey , chelsea , i want some of that shit you are taking , you've let lukaku go on loan twice amnd sold sturridge for buttons . acid or crack ??
i want all 3points . c'mon chelsea
come on chelsea .. lets make this a blue evening 
just to clarify , i support utd . i just don't like chelsea
west ham vs chelsea
that's kick-off - chelsea attacking the bobby moore stand end first half .
now : chelsea vs west ham united
c'mon chelsea !! let's beat these pikeys
ok let's go vs 
kick off . west ham v chelsea
 chelsea vs west ham
 chelsea should make etoo proud
willian should of joined liverpool instead of chelsea , he would be playing every week not sit on the bench !
he made it sound like chelsea were playing a bunch of non leaguers 
 . is michael essien still in chelsea squad ?
come on chelsea !!
let's go chelsea !
chelsea to win 0-3 ? 
chelsea ftw !!
c'mon chelsea !
come on chelsea ! make big sam angry ... i like him when he's angry .
come on chelsea !
west ham vs chelsea and friends with benefits on the television 
chelsea games kicked offf >>>>
chelsea's playing ! 😁👏 
 !!!!
common you blues !!! mata or no mata blueisthecolour chelsea is the name !!!
kick off babak i . come on chelsea
" chelsea , chelsea , chelsea " is the worst football chant on planet earth . i want to mute the tv ... 
it's kick-off at the boleyn ground , west ham united vs chelsea .
yo the chelsea away kit this season >>>>>>
did alan parry just say and have different playing styles . no they fucking don't ffs
i like these chelsea kits , i wish the shorts where white too 
my mum is in the bluebird bar in chelsea and jamie lang is in there omg jel to the extreme
west ham are playing without a recognised striker , against chelsea . the first game to break in a new sky hd box , nice .
west ham v chelsea 1 screen . dortmund v bayern another screen and all below a strip club . cardiff's my kind of place . 
come on chelsea ... lets av em
chelsea game , nandos , back to watch froch batter groves then motd in bed ... saturday ✅
barclays premier league 2013/2014 udate : west ham 0 - 0 chelsea
good luck chelsea
go ! chelsea 
west ham united vs chelsea is underway
i'm optimistic west ham will be victorious and send the chelsea scum bags packing
the chelsea away kit is absolutely vile who thought a white shirt with blue shorts was a good idea ????
come on chelsea !! need a win today 
 : chelsea vs west ham united . 
west ham v chelsea on live at the club
chelsea vs west ham on the tv , dortmund vs bayern on my laptop , love it
come chelsea !!! we need 3 points here .
come on chelsea !
 
do i trust chelsea to win ? hmm
as is west ham vs chelsea . 
c'mon chelsea !!
chelsea need a big win here . more than a two goal difference . instil confidence again in the team and performances .
chelsea noob
come on chelsea ! 
this chelsea's jersey is whack .. the look like a division 2 side
live streaming chelsea vs west ham ..  
let's go chelsea !
the chelsea games camera is so shit wtf
chelsea chelsea ! 
come on chelsea ....
come on chelsea .
come on chelsea
kick-off : west ham vs chelsea
pro tipster mackie64 tips samuel e'too to score first in v 
chelsea v west ham ! predictions ?
chelsea vs west ham united
chelsea deadd
chelsea so let's hope .
let's get it chelsea !!
kick off v 
adolf john terry as chelsea's captain today ... smh ... 
derby at upton park . chelsea could easily drop points . this should be fun :) 
 
time to take a break from college football ! come on chelsea !! bayern/dortmund on the laptop .
oya let see d miracle chelsea want to perform
watching west ham v chelsea ( y )
i dunno whether to watch chelsea lose ground on us or the dortmind - munich game .. decisions decisions ...
can't wait to see the looks of defeat or draw on the faces of chelsea players .
west ham vs . chelsea 
come on chelsea
i guess it's polynomials and chelsea ☺️ 
after xmas is when the league is won and i'm sure chelsea can put a run together
let's get it chelsea
xi chelsea : cech ; ivanovic , cahill , terry ( c) , azpilicueta ; mikel , lampard ; ramires , oscar , hazard ; eto'o .
kick off babak pertama . come on chelsea !!
lets go chelsea !!!!!
predicting a chelsea win and bayern dortmund draw .
come on chelsea !!!
chelsea to score both halves $ 2.61 is a lock . 
let's go blues ! 
really need west ham and chelsea to draw to end my acca losing streak !!
waiting for chelsea , the madrids , froch and pacquiao for some sick dolla
kick-off , babak pertama , come on chelsea .. come on chelsea .. 
chelsea vs west ham !!!!!!!!!!!!! come on blues !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
come on chelsea
chelsea kit nothing but piff
hopefully both chelsea & bayern munich win those game . now , let's watch the game !
c'mon then chelsea !! 💙 
come on chelsea !! 
let's go chelsea !! 💙⚽️
le maillot de chelsea >>>>>>>>
come on chelsea
bissmillah . c'mon chelsea !!!!
 all the best to chelsea please draw or loose this game . :p
just chelsea then £££££
man , westham does not look all that good .
bvb vs bayern / west ham vs chelsea . that's my evening sorted
chelsea vs west ham 
my take ... chelsea 3 , west ham 1
hi laura a great game today , once again an ex chelsea player got you off the hook ! 40
kick off first half !!! come on chelsea .
chelsea vs west ham leggo
quite frankly couldn't give one shit about west ham chelsea !! dortmund and munich for me ! shits on a london derby !
watching the chelsea game with daddy💕
chelsea we gonna make this a blueeee daaaaay !!
i think i see little pieces of snow watching the chelsea game
oya chelsea come and lose o
imagine willingly watching bayern v bvb instead of west ham v chelsea . how anti- football must you be .
damn q3 in f1 , bayern v . dortmund and chelsea v . westham alk at the same time ... 1st world problems .
if chelsea win im going to be pissed
c'mon chelsea
come on chelsea .
watching chelsea fc .. come on lamps 
will never get over the perm on my rabbit ears . looks great and at a decent hour . come on .
chelsea and miami playing at the same time = 
hope chelsea loses
xi west ham vs chelsea : jaaskelaainen ; demel , collins , tomkins , o'brien; noble , collison ; downing , morrison , cole ; nolan . 
coyi ( hate chelsea with a passion )
hate having chelsea on an accy though because they can go suck their mum usually
eeeee ade fan chelsea ke dkt sini . ain't nobody got time for that
love this away chelsea kit 
come on chelsea 
chelsea reminds me of ringin once upon a time
saw a chelsea fan walking around with his scarf on and going towards a west ham pub in chadwell heath . brave guy .
 al d way
go chelsea ! 
tradgedy to man u and chelsea fans who before the game assured us of a draw or a loss . next time spare us your filthy talks # topoftheleague
 no mata again for chelsea . man united should put in a £40m bid in january ; test chelsea's resolve .
lets hope the chelsea v west ham match is better than the southampton v arsenal . my poor 
is it snowing at the chelsea game ?
 west ham vs chelsea
 is screwing up big time .. no channels .. rather than watching munich-dortmund game .. have to watch chelsea game !!
come on chelsea ! 
come on chelsea !
 chelsea vs westham . streaming dah lerr . channel sports mahal .
chelsea v hammers , bayern v dortmund , shiiiitttt it's gonna be a long 2 hours
 west ham vs chelsea
missing the chelsea game again
leeds , arsenal , chelsea returns £734 lul
watching west ham . v chelsea . go hammers .
come on chelsea !!! i was born to support chelsea 
to hell with chelsea
cannot believe mata has to sit on the fucking bench over at chelsea . come to liverpool son
kick off chelsea
come on chelsea !
chelsea vs west ham at upton park ! come on chelsea ! 
west ham vs chelsea now
hmm chelsea v west ham or navi v speed 
come on chelsea !
kick off chelsea vs west ham 
 chelsea !
see you soon solar " chelsea "
 ( j12 ) en juego : west ham 0-0 chelsea
the chelsea kit makes them look like france with the red in it
inicio : west ham united - chelsea .
come on chelsea
this is too easy watching borussia dortmund - bayern munich over west ham- chelsea any day
2nd spot is ours after this game . chelsea chelsea chelsea chelsea chelsea chelsea 
come on chelsea !! ✌️⚽️👏
i haven't watched a chelsea game in a while so i'm actually really happy right now
jose mourinho is the reason people love chelsea & inter while hate barcelona .
 west ham united vs chelsea goodluck the blues
west ham vs chelsea por 
come on chelsea ktbffh
in play on chelsea match - ramires 1st goal scorer @ 17.00 - gl if you get on .
come on !!! chelsea !!!
west ham united vs . chelsea in there 2nd minute ! watch it love on 2 and ! 
go chelsea go .
methink mourinho needs to tinker his mindset about current chelsea set-up ! his obsession for lamps starting games i don't know ! 
has mourinho been auditioning for philadelphia 2 
 west ham united vs chelsea
chelsea best win against west ham today , went to this fixture last season and we should of been 4-0 up at ht , lost 3-1 in the end 😂
will miss the first 10 of the chelsea game .
the only thing going to cheer me up is if west ham beat chelsea and groves gets knocked out
finally ... chelsea football is back on ! come on chelsea ! come on chelsea ! come on chelsea ! come on chelsea ! 
if we beat chelsea ...
let's go blues ! 
1 ) who was first manager in the ?
juan mata again not starting for chelsea . i cannot possibly understand why mourinho doesn't believe in him . 
1 and only time u will hear me say come on gotta beat this chelshit team
2 minutes in . very little happening . the chelsea fans very audible . keep it up . 0-0
chelsea playing , good way to start my morning
come on chelsea !! let's have an incredible match lads ! 
that chelsea bench is annoyingly good .
come on chelsea 
mwaka says he would rather watch hull city than chelsea . says they play boring football .
lets go chelsea
liking the chelsea away top ! 
sad to say chelsea is gonna kick ass
come on west ham i hate chelsea 
anyway , chelsea's playing .
c'mon chelsea !!!! 
" show chelsea how you can twerk " - my 10 year old sister to her friend ...
 game just started but still 40 mins of left . 
now , whu vs chelsea fc on bein1 . we'll keep the blue flag flying high .
come on chelsea 🙏
we are the blues ! go chelsea go .. 
that's kick-off - chelsea attacking the bobby moore stand end first half . whu vs cfc
i thank westham for selling lampard to us 
ok chelsea . let me see what ya got .
come on chelsea !!! 
if you aren't watching the chelsea game then you're a loser
come on westham .
the chelsea kit looks mank
game on . chelsea < manutd
come on chelsea .
chelsea and west ham game just started ⚽️
come on chelsea !!!
the black jersey is so much better than this present one . 
first half underway ... come on chelsea ! 
 chelsea vs west ham
chelsea ... up next !....... let's see wah they do wit it ..
 vs .... vs ... two classic rival match .
come on chelsea !
which game to watch or ?
 west ham utd vs chelsea 
come on chelsea !
letsss go chelsea !
 chelsea vs west ham
come on chelsea !!
two of my favourite clubs squaring off here today , chelsea starting in 4th place & west ham in 16th 
chelsea fans shud calm down . lampard caught mou with terry's daughter . he has no choice .
i kinda like this chelsea white kit .
chelsea's jerseys 💙
come on chelsea !
match started ⚽️ 
here we go , chelsea ! 
waiting on chelsea for my accumulator
come on chelsea !!!
starting xi looks ugly but ... come on chelsea !
ya inicio west ham united 0 - 0 chelsea .
west ham vs chelsea ! vamos los hammers !
there's a brazilian on chelsea named william . get in shape prince william !!! ( voice of the lovely and classic q) . .
west ham playing the 4-6-0 against chelsea today . craig levein would be very proud 
westham fans are you embarrassed ?
homer done✔️ coupon up✔️ now waiting on chelsea for another £175 and off to the marmalade pop for a meal👌
come on you , chelsea ! chelsea ! chelseaaa !
leh we go chelsea !
 go go chelsea make us proud cos we r d pride of london
if chelsea doesn't win by 2 or more goals i will be disappointed
let's do this , chelsea . 
come on chelsea !!!!! 
let's get it done chelsea ! 
hey chelsea u better score in opening 20 mins or i am turning to mun vs dortmund .
come on chelsea !!!!
lets go chelsea , lets go dortmund
dis crazy match dat ure all thinking of because of previous encounters .. chelsea go just win 3-0 and fall ur morale
enjoying ma chelsea game on 
it would surprise me if chelsea actually do win this game . we could , but i don't see it coming .
co̶̲̥̅̊mǝ̥̥ on chelsea !!!!! 
come on chelsea
come on chelsea !!!!
so hands up anyone who is neutral watching this west ham/chelsea game . thought not 'lud
ok , i love chelsea's jerseys today .
 come on chelsea !
c'mon chelsea !!
did 3 dockets one up waiting on munich in one and chelsea in the other if they come in liverpool is paid for :)
watching the westham v chelsea game 
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea playing 4-3-3 
al arabi lost :( come on chelsea make up for it !!
let's do this chelsea 
i'm in a tims watching chelsea football . 
bayern , chelsea .. for hip hop
now watch west ham vs chelsea
west ham v chelsea
chelsea for the win
im clueless and u cant even name chelsea's squad and i can
great comeback from linfield today to get the win , now for a chelsea when too ! 
i think this is gonna be hard for chelsea today
chelsea away top is actually so gorgeous . i'm gonny buy it n cut the badge off
keep the blue flag flying high ! go chelsea #3pointsmission
come on lets get a result . 
let's go chelsea !!
goodluck for chelsea
kick off babak i west ham vs chelsea 
chelsea 2 southern 00000
come on westham !
come on blues !!! 
okay now , soccer soccer soccer .. chelsea pun chelsea ah .. haha
arsnl win i hope chelsea lose aminnnn
awkward when my brothers support westham and i support chelsea haha 🙉
come on west ham lets get something today . 
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea fc vs . westham united
come on ! come on !!
chelsea vs . west ham
come on chelsea ! lets beat the hammers !
come on chelsea bbc bluesssss
kick off 
you can hear the chelsea fans chanting ! first away game i have missed all season :(
chelsea vs west ham
would watch dortmund vs munich but chelsea playing .
are westham up to it ? 
tbh chelsea's 2nd kit isn't nice
come on chelsea
come on chelsea !!
kick off ! chelsea vs west ham united
c'mon chelsea !! 
i'm sat watching chelsea while my 6yr old son is defrosting my freezer 
kick off , come on chelsea ...
chelsea vs westham just kissed off .
come on chelsea ! 
yet again west ham playing without a striker , chelsea could of played without a goalkeeper
ktbffh !!! the blues chelsea !!!
, chelsea xi ( vs west ham ): cech ; ivanovic , cahill , terry , azpilicueta ; mikel , lampard ; ramires , oscar , hazard ; eto'o
 chelsea vs . west ham 
chelsea better lose .......
chelsea to lose then united to beat cardiff to go 3rd tomorrow ! !
west ham vs chelsea score predictions ?
who is watching the west ham united vs chelsea ?
a ver a chelsea !!!
chelsea is about to hand west ham their asses ! ✊
c'mon chelsea
chelsea away nice clothes
what channel is the chelsea game on ?
come on chelsea !
kick off dimulai ! come one chelsea ! #3point 
downing to score against chelsea because their defense is that bad ..!!
waiting on chelsea for £160 guaranteed these cunts fuck me
come on chelsea x
chelsea match after what seems like forever ! much-needed break during exams .
dortmund/bayern on the tv & west ham/chelsea on the laptop . 
let's go chelsea !
let's see what chelsea is all about
aint nobody got time for chelsea ,
let's go chelsea
chelsea have scored in the last 14 pl games v west ham . david james was the last hammers keeper to keep a clean sheet in this game , in 2003
chelsea aren't even playing a striker
come on westham
lets go chelsea !!!!!!
come on my heroes ! 
i'm going to go see chelsea until its seven bc i literally can't with excitement
chelsea's most consistent and underrated player is ramires he plays well every week and is a massive boost for chelsea . him and hazard 
come on chelsea !!!
i honestly hate to watch chelsea these days lol
was walking out the door then the chelsea game came on . i'll wait bout 10 minutes
cmon chelsea 3 points please
cheering on chelsea tonight
fuck off west ham , come on chelsea
come on chelsea . !
london derby !! come on chelsea fc !! 
£100 on chelsea ?
liverpool won , arsenal won , now chelsea game is on
lets go chelsea !!! 
so , mike reily apologies to westbrom for that penalty at chelsea . mourinho's whining after the game should be fun .
kick off ! come on chelsea ! 
chelsea game now
need chelsea to beat west ham and i've bagged £105 💰
leggo chelsea 
i'm watching west ham v chelsea , i'm sure the other boys are watching bayern v dortmund , and luke is on his way back from st james'! ^m
obviously london is large , but just how long would it take chelsea to travel to west london ?
now derby london west ham vs chelsea at bein sport 1 and 3 
shud chelsea hav loaned lukaku out ? dude has more goals dan all their strikers put 2geda
turnstiles jammed at upton park . good thousand chelsea fans trapped outside . 
being around chelsea is so funny 😭
now chelsea game . 
come on chelsea ! #3points
joe cole the former chelsea man starts for westham .
de bruyne achieved the second most assists in germany last season , can't buy a start at chelsea 
kick off 1st : west ham united v chelsea 
c'mon westham ! 
good luck chelsea & bayern 💙💙❤️❤️
kick-off west ham get us under way at upton park in the final match of the day . chelsea or west ham ? 
now watching west ham vs chelsea !!
mumu nepa doesn't want me to see the chelsea game sha ...... lai lai ..... na viewing center sure pass !
come on chelsea
3-1 chelsea , eto'o anytime 💸💸
chelsea vs westham match live now ! 
why lampard continues to start for chelsea is beyond me 
we're hoping west ham turn over chelsea , we need the 3 points 
lots of chelsea fans on the train i am on ^^ ( it does go to west ham so yeah )
chelsea-west ham and borussia dortmund-bayern munich on at the same time . one match should be more competitive than the other .
 chelsea all the way
come on westham !!!!!!
if we win this game were going to win the league , if we dont were still going to win the league 
come on chelsea .
ramires out wide ? bit of a sketchy decision given chelsea's options . does mourinho feel that he needs extra defensive cover for downing ?
will be happy once chelsea beat westham
chelsea are due a win still
come on chelsea don't let us down !
which game should i watch 😩 chelsea vs west ham or bayern munich vs borussia dorrmund 😩
hope chelsea win :)
chelsea and bayern are on .
come on chelsea ...
id rather watch dortmund vs bayern munich , chelsea vs west ham will be dead
dortmund on bt chelsea are on sky here i am confused dunno what to view
west ham v chelsea . come on you hammers !!!!
reckon west ham will just try and shut down everything chelsea do - otherwise known as the piccadally line tactic . 
team chelsea !!!!!! let's do dis
remember how class joe cole was at chelsea ?
come on chelsea
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea !
lets go chelsea ! john terry looking good in action .
fuck chelsea v wet spam , i wanna watch dortmund v bayern
come on you irons 
join us at the pub in pines ( i-75 & pines ) as chelsea & west ham just kicked off . um game on as well . great food & drinks
i have a feeling we will beat chelsea today
for the sake of a good game , i hope to see better refereeing the west ham vs . chelsea match . 
chelsea should be a easy win
arsenal w chelsea play boring games ... ma byest7e2o yerba7ouwon ...
hehehe this our jersey looks like our 1980s ' jersey though , lol team chelsea
comeon chelsea !!!!
#3points c'mon 
“ joe cole had 7 excellent years at chelsea ” no he didn’t . he had 4 of those and three where he was a bit shit .
watch west ham vs chelsea come on chelsea
chelsea fans are simply awesome .
backed chelsea ht ft 6/4
joe cole used to be class under mourinho at chelsea
forget west ham n chelsea it's all about dortmund n bayern 
dad wants the chelsea game on the t.v while he flicks through his phone and looks to check the score now and again . grim as fuck !
go'n and watch that chelsea match tho .
everyone watching west ham v chelsea im watching bayern v dortmund
what the fuck no one wants to watch harvard yale , shiw the fucking chelsea game
west ham has only beaten chelsea in the last 14 matches lololol we gon own yall tonight
fuck west ham and chelsea , it's all about dortmund and munich !
 chelsea vs west ham united
watch chelsea kill my bet !!! 😰
which one to watch ' chelsea vs west ham ' or ' fc bayern vs dortmund'?
wish i was at chelsea right now
come on chelsea 
chelsea 
chelsea's no gawn tae be happy 😂😂
chelsea let's do this !!!!!!!!!!
one life , one love , one club , win , draw or lose . now , tomorrow and forever we will always be chelsea lovers .
saturday futball ! one of my favorite things ! put mata on the field and it's even better .
will keep an eye on west ham vs . chelsea too .
okay , directv . where the hell is the chelsea game ?
if i hear chelsea fans complain abt giroud's goal .. thunder will strike allou
come on chelsea
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea strong as usual . should be an easy win against the hammers .
come on then chelsea , keep those hammers down ! 
 chelsea vs westham
come on !!!!
come on chelsea xx
kick off come on chelsea
never forget joe cole ... hands on his waist former chelsea player . we love him . #
come on west ham . u beat our noisy neighbours . now lets beat chelsea !!! 
come on chelsea ....
west ham chelsea should be good reckon 1-2 chelsea
tottenham always running , arsenal running too , we're the chelsea bl
that convo with chelsea 💕
come on chelsea !!!!! ⚽️⚽️⚽️
cmon chelsea get stuck into bradie's shite team
watching west ham against chelsea thinking i've bagged a hat trick at the ground 
who wants to make any bets on this match- west ham 2 , chelsea , 1
uncle just needs chelsea to win and both teams to score for a grand !
much respect for joe cole ! one of my favourite players at chelsea ! 
come on chelsea !!
well done arsenal . good victory . they really are in-form . good to see saints losing points . hopefully chelsea drop a few now
best result i can hope for in this game is a large hole appearing in the ground and all the west ham/chelsea players and fans disappearing
come on chelsea !!!!!!
come on chelsea , blues !!!!
c'mon chelsea
come on chelsea !! gooo blues gooo ! 
 vs has kicked off . game is on live nbc's regular open air channel . 
love chelsea's away kit
chelsea ! here we go !
dortmund vs bayern munich ? come on ! chelsea first !
chelsea must win oooooo
currently showing west ham v chelsea & borussia dortmund v bayern munich in the grove !
come on chelsea !
i don't even have an opinion on the west ham - chelsea game .. don't want any of them to win !
joe cole will always be one of my favourite chelsea players
liverpool drew now chelsea need to win
missing the chelsea game 😭😭😭😭
 
barcelona are tracking chelsea's ramires according to the express . they are also looking at atletico madrid winger koke .
so annoying when there is 2 good games on , i'd usually prefer bayern/dortmund but i need to chelsea to win for my treble to come in .
folk at the ba club would rather watch west ham v chelsea rather than dortmund v bayern !! cunts
kick off ! come on chelsea ! 3point
considering it was 6-1 last season , losing to the top of the league doesn't feel too painful . onto chelsea !
chelsea wearing white kits today
west ham v chelsea usurped by bvb v bayern in our house ... not bad at all .
west ham-chelsea and borussia dortmund-bayern munich playing at the same time . one match should/will be more competitive than the other .
if chelsea lose , i'm back to being a human
great comeback from linfield today to win 3-2 , now for a chelsea win .. 
west ham united vs chelsea
come on chelsea . win and i get £90
chelsea vs west ham
may aswell watch the chelsea game
 chelsea vs west ham
watching against west ham united
i could do mikels job for chelsea ! fact
wondering if to watch this bayern vs dortmund game or west ham vs chelsea game
come on chelsea !!
fine girls that support chelsea eventually turn after marriage . the result is 5 kids as arsenal supporters
absen nonton chelsea . ndas mumet
kick off | chelsea vs west ham : cech ; ivanovic , cahill , terry , azpilicueta ; mikel , lampard ; ramires , oscar , hazard ; eto'o ," 
wear ham v chelsea or dortmund v bayern . duh !
the bayern match or the chelsea match .... ah timings ye ny3
remember when chelsea had that glow in the dark fluorescent yellow/green kit😂😂😂
dortmund vs bayern or west ham vs chelsea . . . gonna have to go for ze germanz
alright chelsea easy 3 points from west ham we can do this come on
watching chelsea game b4 madrid game start
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea 
getting al baik to enjoy this chelsea game
as far as i'm concerned if chelsea don't win the league a massive reason for it would be the loaning out of lukaku .
come on chelsea !!
 
watching the chelsea game
come on chelsea 
i hope chelsea wins
come on chelsea , optimis dapet 3 poin . 
thank you god for west ham vs chelsea . 
next 3 fixtures not bothering me . the boxing day will . 3 derby in a row . man city , chelsea and west ham . 2 london derbies . 
chelsea vs west ham .
come on chelsea ! * yawning *
good luck chelsea <3 <3
chelsea da start main
kick off at upton park ! let's watch derby london ! -chelsea
come on chelsea !! 💙
plan for the evening : 1 ) west ham v chelsea 2 ) doctor who 3 ) im a celeb 4 ) motd 
just got in . c'mon chelsea !
they need to stop referring to chelsea v west ham as a ' derby '
last premier league game of the day - west ham v chelsea
watching chelsea match at kendhoo
chelsea game then the boxing and a sly coma will freak me
a draw please , with chelsea equalising in the 96th minute breaking west ham hearts 💔
chelsea is on , catch me yelling at my tv for the next 2 hours 💁
a chelsea win would be great if not it's another coupon buggered
c'mon chelsea !!!
chelsea on one tv .. college football on the other 
corner to chelsea .
' 05'live ' west ham 0-0 chelsea // dortmund 0-0 bayern munich
goodluck chelsea !!
come on chelsea
come on chelsea !
west ham have beaten chelsea only 1 time in the last 14 games . 
i hope west ham win vs chelsea & a goal from ravel morrison would be ideal
how much have i missed chelsea .
nbc showing epl london derby chelsea vs westham utd & some media said it would only be a niche sport ! talk to nbc & the rest of the world
if chelsea win then palace cost me £15 , fuckers
come on chelsea !
please chelsea .. please !!
kick off ! chelsea v west ham united 
really want west ham to do one on chelsea
what a nice to watch and admit by chelsea
swift counter attack gives chelsea a corner .
ain't nobody got time for that chelsea game ?
local london derby of west ( chelsea ) and east ( whu ) underway . go chelsea
westham .... united ..... forever bloowing bubble ...
remember when diame fucked chelsea up
c'mon chelsea ! 💙
corner ? chelsea mne bley gol cornee
come on chelsea ...
come on chelsea 
come on chelsea
no point watching the chelsea match because chelsea is shit . bayern vs dortmund is way worth te time
corner to chelsea after a quick counter from chelsea 0-0
come on chelsea
gabby to her little sister ... gabby ; " what rhymes with truck ?" her sister ; " chelsea "
1st corner to chelsea
west ham v chelsea or dortmund v bayern munich ? no contest really c , mon dortmund
chelsea takin this win
top 3 finish this season . arsenal , chelsea then maybe man utd .
corner for chelsea 
leggo chelsea ! 
that chelsea song were it just goes chelsea with no real passion , is the most dead football chant in the world !
tough game for chelsea
come on chelsea !
one life , one love , one club . chelsea fc \m/
now i can watch the game ... chelsea lets get this 
real madrid and chelsea lead at ht , with real sociedad ( down 1-2 ) next goal treble @ 5/1
just asked the bf if he thinks we'll get battered .. he replied , " like a fine bit of cod .", prove him wrong westham .
well my prediction is 3-1 to chelsea . wouldnt mind joe cole scoring that one goal for west ham
during the west ham-chelsea match and my uncle turns to me and tells me ," barbie wants to go shopping " /:
the chelsea kit is beautiful
corner to chelsea
first chelsea attack on 4 mins - oscar with a good ball out to hazard who wins a corner . west ham clear it . 
chelsea pls
come on chelsea make me money !
come on chelsea
if you're watching westham vs chelsea you need a mental check up .
 chelsea draw and munited lose * laughdevil * :d
come on chelsea 
chelsea , please just draw , this game ...
come on chelsea !!!
chelsea about to get that d .
first corner chelsea , come on lads
west ham , beat chelsea .. give me a pleasant surprise ☺
first corner of the match goes to chelsea .
chelsea have to lose ! ohhh god please !
let's go chelsea !!
reading : one of the few teams i enjoy chelsea beating .
let's go chelsea ..... nice pass from oscar !
corner for chelsea !
why does the chelsea match have to be the same time as bayern-dortmund ?
first corner goes to chelsea
chelsea fc !!!!!
come on ..
chelsea , liverpool , spuds , city and united fans ; be happy we stopped southampton for you .
would sum up perfect weekends if & drop points . of course either or both will drop some 
ramires and oscar back on the field for chelsea , can see luiz and willian on the bench as well 
chelsea are so dangerous on the counter
chelsea looks cleannnnnnnn lol
buzzing for west ham v chelsea and i'm not even at the ground 
immaturity of the highest order . guys fighting over football , some want to watch chelsea others bayern munich vs dortumond
please chelsea just win for us
west ham chelsea is one of those bonus games where i don't care who wins because i hate them both equally
the worst team to watch has to be chelsea half asleep me jheeze !
come on chelsea !
lmao , chelsea ass crazy !! ain dealing wit ha this morning no !!
if chelsea lose ..
frank on the end of some boos from west ham fans as he takes chelsea's first corner of the game 
watching chelsea & dortmund vs bayern . stupid lew . missed a sitter .
chelsea game then out to soho
chelsea will win
how can there be 30k at chelsea game if there are only 7k people on earth ? haha sky sports are at it again !
come on chelsea
corner kick to chelsea . cleared !
slight mistake on the predictions by me , it's 2-1 to chelsea , not west ham , there may be other mistakes , if so apologies
come on 
come on chelsea , let's go chelsea !!!
now time for chelsea match
so badly want chelsea heel boots
kick off westham vs chelsea 
 west ham vs chelsea
chelsea need to wake bet ass up . this ain't a game
come on chelsea
kick off whu vs chelsea !! c'mon blues !! c'mon oscar !! 
currently watching the chelsea game and dortmund ⚽️👌
b . dortmond v b . munich or west ham v chelsea ? fuck you bt sport
hope chelsea will win this night :')
 jose mourinho is craze mata & shurrle must make 1st 11
 west ham united vs chelsea
come on dortmund come on chelsea !!!
" chocolate a day keeps the doctor away " " i'm pretty sure it's apple " " no , it's chocolate " " chelsea it's app .." ".. chocolate ."
tottenham always running , arsenal running too , we're the chelsea blue boys and were coming after you !
c'mon chelsea ! important 3points on offer !
come on chelsea
chilling on my dad's yacht with a beer watching west ham v chelsea .
chelsea fight !!!!!!!!!!
i love chelsea football club more than anything .
come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea
fuck chelsea west ham its all about dortmund bayern !!!
our chance chelsea ! 
come the chelsea
1st corner to was cleared away .
that chelsea team out there has no width what so ever , this match will be very cramped in midfield
think of the waste of wages chelsea are paying eto'o while they have lukaku out on loan
why is cheska is on alan carr as a star on made and chelsea
come on chelsea
come on chelsea . . . . go go go
come on chelsea !!!
waiting on chelsea they better no fuck this
back to jose mourinho's preferred formation for chelsea tonight . mikel deep , ramires and lampard centre . 
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea can move up to third with a victory against west ham sd
yeay watching v west ham
west ham united vs chelsea fc - let's get these 3 points blues , win by more than 3 goals and we go into 2nd place ! 
 it's chelsea
it's time for vs west ham united 
bt u see chelsea they fool ... so definitely bayern . at least that i watch as a neutral
west ham xi vs chelsea : jaaskelainen ; collins , tomkins , collison , morrison , noble , o'brien , demel , nolan , downing , j . cole . 
chelsea vs west ham
i just issued a decree : everyone in this house is supporting chelsea tonight . wife protesting but am not relenting lol . chelsea woyeeeee
today not my day an mf wanna b fake && funny cause i asked a concerned fcking question && yes im talking to fckin harper
i love when chelsea plays at 11:30 . 😌😴
even start , chelsea with more possession though , 5 minutes played 
come on chelsea ! we can beat west ham
anyone want a bet on chelsea v west ham game ! dm me for odds ! <3
come on chelsea !
chelsea dont look good ...
first corner of the match goes to chelsea .
lukaku needs to get back to chelsea . 
i survived , great concert and great time , might still need a nap to be back to normal . but now watching the chelsea game
we love to chelsea .... we do !
all this talent in the chelsea squad and we play john obi mikel - dreadful decision . he must give a cracking blowjob 
wish luck chelsea !
now the game begin : west ham vs chelsea
kick off west ham v chelsea #
come on chelsea ..!
go chelsea !!! 
dortmund v bayern or west ham v chelsea ? obviously dortmund v bayern ... 
saturday evening " shall we have an early dinner ?". " if you like . why is that ?" " i found a tv channel showing the chelsea game " ggggggreat !
come on chelsea !! 
5 ' kick off . chelsea !
i wonder what mourinho would moan about post-match tonight ... maybe the number of bubbles are allowed to deploy .
come on chelsea
come on chelsea !!!!!
why watch chelsea west ham when it's in action come on dortmund lets do this
what have people gone for on the west ham v chelsea game ? tough one to call and very short for chelsea win at 8/13 !
chilling watching west ham v chelsea !
stewart downing is playing , chelsea are fucked
just realised that niall quinn is commentating on west ham and chelsea , dick .
" john terry not one of their favourite " you could say that about all teams except chelsea ...
if chelsea and madrid win nice cheeky £100 my way ! please !!!
let's go chelsea !!!!!!
chelsea have started well as the hammers bunker in to try and soak up the pressure . hazard & oscar key | 4 ' west ham 0-0 chelsea | 
west ham united vs chelsea is underway right now . jose mourinho needs a big win here for his club .
chelsea's kit is hot
 
come on chelsea . 💙 kommen borussia . 💛⚫️
has delighted the fans of chelsea with the signing of pierre-emerick aubameyang . 2014
let's gooooo 
have the telly to myself and chelsea is on .. what's tom done to me ... 
got a good feeling so far . chelsea looking positive . 
kick off babak pertama . come on chelsea !! 
come on chelsea !!!
it will be tasty after this match chelsea v west ham 
come on chelsea
cant believe my dad thinks watching an out of form chelsea vs a brick wall's better than the two best teams in europe .
chelsea chelsea ! we gonna make this a blue day ! 
chelsea are losing
nothing better than turning on the tv and chelsea being on . 
that time of the week where i have to put myself through 2 hours of watching chelsea run around in stupid blue outfits
cmon chelsea ! win this game
the talent westham have on the pitch is madddd downing👌
he's here , he's there , he's every f**king where joey cole , joey cole . carlton cole . frank as well . west ham-chelsea player exchange strong .
so george comes down to uni to see us but i end up in the su watching chelsea play .....
let's go chelsea ! 
chelsea are the underdog's in this game
west ham v chelsea kick off .
why is cheska on alan carr as a star of made and chelsea
come on chelsea
got a fiver riding on this with a chelsea fan at school aswell as the three points !
west ham 1- 0 chelsea full time
west ham on my telly . really can't see us getting much against chelsea but as ever 
chelsea come on !
britt in md , dom in atl , chelsea in va 😩 i need some replacements while they're away 😭
kick off babak pertama . come on chelsea !!
nw : west ham - chelsea
wait i can actually watch the channel the chelsea game is on ? sweet . 
come on chelsea !!!
west ham v chelsea with a few pre drinks , yaaaaay :)
gr8 fireworks in nuneaton to celebrate the christmas lights going on ! now let's see some from chelsea !!!!
chelsea white jersey 😍😍😍
not a great day for bets but just need chelsea to win for £60 . better than nout
why on earth would you watch west ham - chelsea if you could watch bayern - bvb ?
plz .... come on , chelsea ....
chelsea time . my time . what of the most beautiful things , chelsea fc forever !!
weird seeing chelsea wearing these uniforms
come on chelsea !
that how it start motherfucker vs 
lets get the 3 pts chelsea
commentators talk utter bollocks ! this is the first time joe cole has faces his old team ! got sent off for liverpool on his debut v chelsea !
it west london derby between west ham v chelsea ...... it 0-0 at the moment 6 mins of play
that chelsea kit's lovely 
need a big performance from united today 
chelsea dropping points would be nice today
joe cole and raul meireles are two of my favorite active ex-chelsea players besides drogba of course .
come on chelsea ! burst their damn bubbles !!!! 
im too buzzed for tonight to even about chelsea 😂
chelsea better lose you know .
no channel for chelsea's match
chelsea v west ham then almeria v real madrid ! :d
this is chelsea ;;)
chelsea can turn it on so quick . unbelievable to watch .
chelsea look a long more dangerous than they were before the break
even chelsea fans are not as angry as united fans .
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea need a good solid win today ! 
that how it start motherfuckers vs 
live showing now .... *** west ham united vs chelsea ***
eto'o first g/s , chelsea 3-1 . it looks so much more ridiculously tempting when i don't even have £2 to my name .
i'd be very happy if we beat chelsea
westham please complete my day
if the derby doesn't consist of arsenal or chelsea then it will be a very boring london derby
ramires chops down downing on the wing but the freekick is fired straight at lampard and chelsea clear .
hope chelsea lose x
time for chelsea now ✌️

xi chelsea : cech ; ivanovic , cahill , terry ( c) , azpilicueta ; mikel , lampard ; ramires , oscar , hazard ; eto'o .
come on chelsea .
 west ham against chelsea 
chelsea abeg may una win o .... i wan watch dortmund match
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea match 🙌
go chelsea ! don't lose to a team with " ham " in it .
need a win here chelsea
come on the blues chelsea !!! 
bvb vs bayern at the same time with the westham vs chelsea game just shows how irrelevant the blues are . this isn't the first time .
chelsea v wear ham then froch v groves 
chelsea 11/4 good price
is joe cole really getting booed ? fucking muggy chelsea fans
chelsea is bill clinton's daughter ... hiyo football club mnasema siitambui .. honestly
go bayern go ! go chelsea go !
come on chelsea !!
dortmund vs bayern . chelsea can wait today .
fuck the chelsea game ! watching the dortmund vs bayern game
c'mon chelsea !!!! 
free kick in chelsea half . noble for england ? jesus wept
to cold to go outside watch west ham vs chelsea on chn 11
come on chelsea !
 chelsea
come on chelsea we gots dis
then the big one 
now chelsea vs west ham and also dortmund vs bayern !!!
chelsea would hammer the hammers ( west ham) . , its inevitable .
come on chelsea
 chelsea vs west ham .
made the family lunch while they set up for christmas and i watch the chelsea game 
kick off ! 3 points for chelsea ! amiin ..
i'd watch chelsea if it would let me ! laaaaaaaaaaaginell ✋
i won't even argue that t : dortmund vs bayern > west ham vs chelsea
chelsea ... please draw
i don't like chelsea's jersey . they look like bidvest wits
i love all chelsea supporters your all amazing !!!
come on chelsea . 
watching derby where the east meet the west ... hope chelsea win .. 
whu vs chelsea .. live nexmedia sport ... the headhunters is the winn .. ...
come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea
chelsea's away kit right now looks like a practice kit . i like it a lot !
took me twice as long to get to upton park cause of the westham match .
if chelsea fail to win tonight and then we win tomorrow we can go third .. 
west ham - chelsea por espn+ .
chelsea ( x west ham ): cech - ivanovic , cahill , john terry , azpilicueta - mikel , lampard - ramires , oscar , hazard - eto’o
 it's a must win game for chelsea . gap is getting wider . they simply can't afford to lose it . come on chelsea
chelsea " must " win this game ... a slip here and will be in cruise control .. 
a win for chelsea would take them to third .
west ham v chelsea on the tv . dortmund v bayern on the laptop 💻📺👍⚽️
white kit with chelsea !! 
as far as i'm concerned if chelsea don't win the league a massive reason for it would be the loaning out of lukaku ."
game chelsea dah start
chelsea must just lose
chelsea look a lot more dangerous right now than they did before the break 
boring match between west ham and chelsea
but it's always life
watchin dortmund n bayern n chelsea match aat de same time :d
viendo el west ham -chelsea !! :) go blues
gonna switch between west ham vs chelsea and german ' el classico ' 
come on chelsea !
that chelsea bench is ridiculous . nice to see financial fair play is working its wonders
this is going to be a bit game cause niall quinn is commentating 
chelsea vs west ham ? running man ? strongest k pop survival ? peningnyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
im sorry chelsea but dortmund vs bayern game is much more important
comment with your favourite football team and lets see which team has more fans admin : chelsea
hope to god that chelsea win now .
unlucky chelsea
good luck chelsea
come on chelsea !
chelsea ( x west ham ): cech ; ivanovic , cahill , terry , azpilicueta ; mikel , ramires , lampard , oscar , hazard e eto’o
wats a chelsea ??
 use coyb too .???
be surprised if west ham-chelsea was anything other than a borefest
think of the waste of wages chelsea are paying eto'o while they have lukaku out on loan -_-
sat in the pub with a pint of carlsberg watching the chelsea game . when did i become a man ?!
hope west ham get a win against chelsea 
chiefs will lost same goes 2 chelsea
come on chelsea !! 💙⚽️
come on west-ham beat chelsea like you humiliated spurs !!
hope the west ham chelsea game gets abandoned , neither side gets any points cos there both supported by cunts
chelsea i trust you !
come on chelsea !!!!! 
chelsea dey bore me !.
if chelsea win tonight i'm up £80 . i feel my luck is changing !
times to watching chelsea's game :) 
watching chelsea and west ham . 
what a nice to watch and admire u chelsea
comeon chelsea !
bolyne ground set to light up as the west ham united ( hammers ) take on chelsea fc in the second derby of the day in england premiership ."
go blues go chelsea ! 💙🙅🙋 
come on chelsea #3point
this is gonna be a 3-0 to chelsea .
west ham vs chelsea , vamso blues !
come on chelsea ..!!
layan game dortmund la best pada game chelsea ..
is it just me or does upton park have a very narrow pitch , perhaps made narrower to assist their game plan against chelsea ?
499th tweet . hoping my 500th will be about west ham beating chelsea . 
if anyone is watching west ham v chelsea over dortmund v bayern you need to re-evaluate your life .
come on chelsea we need all 3 points and if we win by 3 goals or more we can take 2nd position from liverpool
come on westham please
game day ! chelsea plays westham and hopefully the blues will get a result because they need to stop dropping points . 
go 
and now 4 chelsea
tomorrow game , we will look at westham united and cardiff city , hope god give strength to them in order to beat chelsea and man . united ! 
please do not let me down chelsea and man u 
20 ’ goal by eto chelsea 1-0 west ham 
anyway come on chelsea !!!
hazard almost finds the right ball through to eto'o inside the area but a defender cuts it out . chelsea finding space though . 
am i the only one watching dortmund vs bayern instead of chelsea's match ? 
come on chelsea !
another quality player chelsea let go .. robben
i'll have to compromise chelsea game in the second half to catch the scintilating dortmund-bayern game .
" where are my car keys ?" - a short story by chelsea natividad
i'm pretty sure chelsea put a curse on me
let's go chelsea !
 chelsea vs west ham united
west ham united - chelsea
chelsea match
come on chelsea !
why's adam calling me chelsea fan ?? that's rude and disrespectful to the highest level ... am so embarrassed . :(
come on chelsea fc !!! come on chelsea fc !!! come on chelsea fc !!!
why arn't chelsea playing in blue ?
at rick caffe . chelsea vs west hamp united 
chelsea and west ham ! <3
eto'o close to scoring .. come on chelsea !!
chelsea better not lose , all the teams so far i've made a bet on has won
west ham vs chelsea 
die hard westham till i die
chelsea players are still better than wwe wrestlers ! :p
happy with another 3 points for the gooners watching this feisty chelsea west ham game now before boxing 
 chelsea v west ham
we love you chelsea and we'll keep the blue flag flying high \m/ 
best hurry back with these chips missing chelsea game
xi chelsea : cech ; ivanovic , cahill , terry ( c) , azpilicueta ; mikel , lampard ; ramires , oscar , hazard ; eto'o .
 chelsea vs west ham united
chelsea vs west ham , i think is gonna be fun
westham steal some points off that team
lets get it chelsea
bismillah , c'mon chelsea 
come on chelsea !! 💙
if chelsea lose or draw today and we win tomorrow that puts us 3rd in the table ! otherwise we'll be 4th which isn't bad either
this is going to be a shit game cause niall quinn is commentating 
come on chelsea !!! 
excitement for chelsea
bismillah , c'mon chelsea 
west ham - chelsea . calm saturday in just been watching footy
' 05'live ' west ham 0-0 chelsea ; collison concedes a corner kick off hazard's cross
eto'o to score anytime chelsea 3-1
chelsea should get this dub easy lol
two matches at the same time hahaha comeon chelsea . comeon dortmund .
dortmund don get levels now but that one no mean say chelsea no go thrash them
dortmund , baryern . ¦¦ west ham , chelsea . what to watch tho
chelsea bera winn des match
hope west ham get a penalty like chelsea got against wba then let's see the reaction . 
i love chelsea's away kit . white shirt with blue short . nice combo .
come on westham smack chelsea
time for chelsea now 💙💙
feeling fresh .... hahaha 2 hours futsal ... and now ... waiting for my chelsea :)
chelsea will have a lot off the ball . we need to take our chances ! 
everton are fucked when lukaku goes back to chelsea , so that should be fun .
come on chelsea
not a hater of west ham but come on chelsea
.. plug pulled on satellite so didn't see game ... so its home for west ham chelsea via 14a ........ night in
let's go chelsea !!! 
we are the famous the famous chelsea
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea game 👌
joe cole and raul meireles are two of my favorite active ex-chelsea players besides drogba of course .
dortmund v bayern over chelsea v west ham any day of the week ... except today when the rugby is on ... saturday night choices 
why does jussi simply pump it up field instead of passing to someone in our colours , this ref is a chelsea fan
chelsea boys hv come with unnecessary roughness
loved the spirit . go on chelsea
westham will dismantle chelsea 4:0
 kick off : west ham - chelsea 
anything short of a win against would a serious setback in 's title chase .
my gosh downing is a magician 
what the chelsea score
chelsea playing on sky sports 2 ... " xbox , go to tv ," 
i love chelsea like muaaah ...
chelsea vs west ham with san
waiting on chelsea to win for me footy coupon just ordered the fight
time for chelsea
watching the game ! come on chelsea !
someone please send me a stream link to west ham vs chelsea game !!!! urgeeeennnntttt !!
come on chelsea 
c'mon boys let's slap westham 
chelsea better do the dirt this match
chelsea looks dominating ...
my dads tryna switch it to the chelsea game dpmooo
priiitttt !!! 1st : west ham 0-0 chelsea come on blues !!!! live report from ls
eeek no chelsea players in my fpl
friends of westham
chelsea dis shld be d goal !!!
chelsea till i die 
4 points clear now . top of the league but we're not the title contenders yet . need to defeat mancity , chelsea , hull , spain , germany & tahiti .
3point for chelsea please ! o :)
go chelsea day
west ham ... just snatch a point from chelsea ... that's all i need from u :)
easy to pick bayern munich vs dortmund and instead of west ham vs chelsea - hope that tie is abandoned due to boring mourinho-sam tactics
chelsea will lose this match .. man utd will move up ... sue me
here we go ! west ham united vs chelsea ^_^ whuche 
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea are doing ok so far
we all follow chelsea
west ham 0.31 * 4.16 1.29 goals chelsea 0.28 * 4.69 1.31 goals total goal production 2.6
oh nothing , just watching chelsea on nbc ... ( we're in the future )
dortmund v bayern , west ham v chelsea and also barca on . what game to watch ?
go go go chelsea !!!
hope we beat these chelsea dick heads 
come on , chelsea . 
downing and ivanovic down the line . goal kick to chelsea 
come on chelsea
watching downing in a westham jersey is so pleasing . relieved .
chelsea should be winning
bismillah come on chelsea !!
chelsea had better won today .. or else !!!
west ham v . chelsea 
i don't know which match to watch ! bayern or chelsea ? ahhhhh . too many channels ! 
i love buying chelsea stuff i swear !
big game , come on chelsea !! 
all this talent in the chelsea squad and we play john obi mikel - dreadful decision . he must give a cracking blowjob 
arsenal win , liverpool draw , and i don't even have to worry about chelsea/west ham . life is good when you're a gunner .
chelsea in fine voice . gutted about missing it . into these cunts chels
i wud b a fool 2 be watching chelsea vs west ham while bayern vs dortmund is on . bfgs errwia
chelsea score
ramires chops down downing on the wing but the freekick is fired straight at lampard and chelsea clear .
come on chelsea ... its a ... ^^
i need to drag myself down to the pub that's a 10 second walk away for the chelsea match but it's so long
come on you chelsea
come on you mighty westham
bundesliga time ... na chelsea know
that chelsea match might probably end one nil to the blues . 
come on chelsea !!!
let's go chelsea !
lol i'm actually watching the premier league instead of college football 
want chelsea to smash wet spam
just need chelsea to win now 
always out westham on a stream then realise it's on tele loooool
first chelsea attack on 4 mins - oscar with a good ball out to hazard who wins a corner . west ham clear it . whu vs cfc
so teams that have beaten s'oton have bragging rights ? and teams that have beaten united ? chelsea ? smh .
insha'allah chelsea lose by a 30 yard volley by benteke . 
backing my boy ravel to destroy chelsea .
i've never felt more out of place walking through chelsea in converses .
only one loser in the merseyside derby today and that's chelsea - lukaku and sturbridge are class acts 
right come on chelsea , earn me this 20 quid ! 
if united win tomorrow we will be 3rd or 4th depending on the chelsea game we have got this back so quick , 21 titles at the end of the season
kick off !! west ham vs chelsea and dortmund vs munchen !!
bayern vs dortmund is on same time as chelsea match 😩😩😩
gg pula chelsea ... yeah
getting ready to teach a workshop , but following on twitter . come on chelsea !!! i fucking hate pikeys !!! multi tasking is a good thing
chelsea xi ( vs west ham ): cech ; ivanovic , gary cahill , terry , azpilicueta ; mikel , lampard ; ramires , oscar , hazard ; eto'o .
enjoyed my day in chelsea sw 
comeon chelsea
is it me or have chelsea worn both their home and away kits ? who tells them what to wear ?
how daft does chelsea looks in the white top and blue shorts ?
westham is showing chelsea what playing at home means
oh so chelsea is playing today ? even their own fans wont watch that . the best team already played 
never miss a chelsea match .
chelsea better not let me down again
chelsea be the winner please . :)
although chelsea will win .
 chelsea vs west ham united ..
come on chelsea !!! 
go chelsea !!
hazard almost finds the right ball through to eto'o inside the area but a defender cuts it out . chelsea finding space though .
here's hoping west ham do us a favor and smash chelsea . 
allardyce's west ham vs chelsea . this will be somewhat langweilig .
that chelsea jersey i hate hangu .. i love the black one better as to that white one .. the blue one is life
watching 
let's go chelsea 3points
come on chelsea ! 8minutes gone nothing so far 
come on the chelsea !
 💙💙
the question is ... will chelsea fuck everyone's bet up ? 🙈
chelsea vs west ham
west ham vs chelsea must end in a draw . dat's if chelsea doesn't lose today .
potential opportunities for chelsea
next 5 games : cardiff ( a ) hull ( h ) everton ( h ) man city ( a ) and chelsea ( h ) personally we can get 12 points from that 
c'mon 
streaming chelsea 
i see chelsea winning this match 5-0
stunning atmosphere at west ham v chelsea .... don't worry they will start singing about spurs soon 
come on chelsea !!!
joe cole . chelsea legend .

game dortmund ke chelsea ni ? arggh pening ahh
i remember joe cole on chelsea bright lad if u ask me
i fear whilst checking in on bayern , chelsea might score . this is how people become raging alcoholics !!
my heart hurts for chelsea :(
will always hate chelsea
dortmund v bayern on bt or west ham v chelsea on sky . good choice of football for a saturday evening !
west ham vs chelsea 🎈
kick-off : west ham vs chelsea .
keep me updated on chelsea please !
if chelsea win 3-1 i will be so annoyed 
chelsea's game on point 
west ham - chelsea will be fireworks of attacking play like two turtles headbutting each other .
lets go blues💙💙 
what kind of pass was that vs 
you are my chelsea , my only chelsea ! 
is it the pitch , the camera angle or the colors for the jerseys ? coz definitely its not my tv . this chelsea game looks kinda vintage .. 
west ham will beat chelsea tonight
west ham and chelsea both play such shit football why am i even watching this
 west ham vs chelsea .
come on ! 
am not even watching bayern match anymore ... chelsea looks vulnerable ... they'll lose
lets go go blues !
jos had a great game , as did big vic . just hope the injuries aren't too serious . definite positives to take to chelsea . 
come on chelsea
chelsea c'mon 
i say put your home , car and family on this being 0-0 . me i've got a cheeky £10 . 
i watch chelsea because of oscar😘😍
kick off babak pertama come on chelsea !!!
come on chelsea
go go go chelsea :d
i can barely stream the chelsea game at the airport , this is awful .
come on chelsea 
chelsea match is on ! and i'm still on my way home !
first chelsea attack on 4 mins - oscar with a good ball out to hazard who wins a corner . west ham clear it .
chelsea vs west ham united .
good luck chelsea 😍💙💙💙😍
chelsea match with ?
come on chelsea !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ❤
c'mon chelsea c'mon chelsea !!!!
come on chelsea come om cibabat !
having a rocking sat night . all cozy on sofa watching old made in chelsea christmas specials . why can't someone fly me to finland ?!
ahh chelsea match boring as usual . shall head to sleep . nitezz
 
come on chelsea ! keep the blue flag flying high !
hmmmm my chelsea i am watching ! pls no heartbreak tonight 
alright , come on chelsea . we need all 3 points
hazard almost finds the right ball through to eto'o inside the area but a defender cuts it out . chelsea finding space though . whu vs cfc
come on chelsea ! keep the blue flags flying high ! 
chelsea v west ham - team : jaaskelainen ; demel , collins , tomkins , o'brien; collison , noble , downing , morrison ; cole , nolan
why is foxtel playing the chelsea and west ham game , but not the bayern and borussia match ?!! 
west ham and chelsea lets have it
talk to me wen westham scores , will yu ? somebody ? hehehehe
chelsea's better win today .. am gettin fakkin sick of mourinho benchin ' ma mata !
listening to radio commentary on chelsea v west ham 
come on chelsea
west ham could do everyone a favour tonight . except chelsea of course
west ham won't score against chelsea with that team , the bet is chelsea " to win to nil " 6/4 
i'd be happy if you tear chelsea's ass .. go downing !
oh well move on , only second league defeat of season & where we lost 6-1 last yr , keep the faith and take the pts off chelsea 
west ham v chelsea 
walking around town in chelsea boots is not a good look
is it true that lukaku's loan deal is till january ? a chelsea fan just said that to me .
come on chelsea 
watching the chelsea game now
chelsea , r madrid and ath madrid all win to nil @ 12/1
ft newcastle 2-1 norwich ft stoke 2-0 sunderland ft arsenal 2-0 southampton 6 ' westham 0-0 chelsea
c'mon chelsea 
le maillot away de chelsea 😍
hope chelsea win👍
why on earth are chelsea not starting mata
downing throwing everything he's got at chelsea down the left wing .
come on chelsea .
first chelsea attack on 4 mins - oscar with a good ball out to hazard who wins a corner . west ham clear it
not feelin these chelsea jerseys at all .
 # <3
works done ! now to watch dortmund and chelsea both win 
fans chelsea and fans liverpool meh sini rt sikit , nak follow . make sure follow me first
oh chelsea .. please dont be chelshit tonight !!
chelsea play shit boring futbol
no one can stop us now 
please let chelsea lose
 !! ★ the blues !! ★ 
chelsea will chop their own now
as i can't watch chelsea , dortmund vs bayern munich will do :)
chelsea's centre backs pushing up early in the game is this a new game plan by jose ?
chelsea wearing white jersey ^^
watching chelsea game now .
come on chelsea🙏
chelsea will win this game as don wan terry is playing all the other players will not worry he's round theirs fucking there wife ..
" first chelsea attack on 4 mins - oscar with a good ball out to hazard who wins a corner . west ham clear it . "
possesion ball 30% vs 70% . c'mon chelsea :)
i love that is on come on boys , put on a show for 
hope we don't loose our next 3 games especially man city just because its my uncles wedding and hes a manc fan , hope we win against chelsea
hoping west ham win or draw against chelsea
weirdest tv i've seen . well hurting my eyes trying to watch the west ham vs chelsea match
let's hope chelsea is going to win this derby .
can see this being either 0-0 or like 5-0 to chelsea
come on chelsea 3 poin itu baik !!!
hazard almost finds the right ball through to eto'o inside the area but a defender cuts it out . chelsea finding space though .
come on chelsea !!!
chelsea pisses me uno , why is frank lampard playing
supporting 
get ready match chelsea ..
cuppa , cereal and chelsea .
see dulling o ! leave german classic de watch dull chelsea .
really like the chelsea kit for today
good luck chelsea ( y )
come on chelsea !! come on chelsea !!
come on chelsea .......
there's never any chelsea fans on my tl 👀
 come one chelsea !!
england playing rugby this afternoon and chelsea playing football now is too much stress for me in one day
whos watchin the chelsea match rn ?
got the bayern game on the laptop and the chelsea on the tv 
c'mon chelsea ! 💙
west ham v chelsea has been swerved ! mainly as i hate chelsea with a passion 😡 and west ham are just ..... west ham ! 
this chelsea match is just awkward
oh good the chelsea game isn't on .
chelsea v west ham - team ( subs ) : adrian , mccartney , jarvis , maiga , taylor , diame , cole
ugh what do i watch right now ... chelsea ? michigan ? or michigan state ? faaak 
4 points ahead of liverpool . 7 points ahead of chelsea . 8 points ahead of man utd and tottenham . 9 points ahead of man city . on top .
the chelsea sides in 2004\05 and 2005\06 could beat any side
1/9 of the game - gone . verdict ? one chelsea corner . bore-fest . 
yayy jumpa live stream game chelsea !
decent result today , was a potential banana skin , would be typical of to get results at chelsea and spurs game and slip up today
if you have a choice and are watching chelsea's game over bvb vs bayern you're a top dickhead
i doughut like the chelsea jersey
come on chelsea !
 come on chelsea !
i love saturday mornings , ⚽️
yoo streaming chelsea
chelsea attacking now
don't tell me you prefer watching chelsea's match . 
1st 10 minutes , and chelsea has not shot on target .
no one talking about the chelsea game on my tl
i think i've picked chelsea as my epl team . 
chelsea all d way
if chelsea win tonight then hull city fucking tigers have let is down for 773 bastard quid
seeing ollie pearn bowling into upton park with all the chelsea firm 
come on chelsea !!
chelsea looking like chelsea early 
lampard gets the head up and sprays it to the left hand side . 
i just realized i dont like any of the player on chelsea anymore execpt for david luiz and mata
chelsea better win this match
chelsea days :d
a lil tired but :) its for chelsea :)
watching west ham v chelsea i fecking hate niall quinn 
come on chelsea !!
let's go , chelsea ! 
come on chelsea ... 
sejok lepak snooker ne , now watching chelsea game
liverpool and chelsea fans were all surprised wen i was like " that we all want arsenal to loose doesn't make us friednds . buzz off ". 
cmon hammers . good ( mainly ) british team sheet , that . 
watching the chelsea game while having a bath ! 👌
come on westham
chelsea fans singing the willian song . class ! 
come on chelsea .
now watching my chelsea vs whu ..
come on the chelsea ☺
dortmund vs bayern on bt sport weat ham vs chelsea on sky sports decisions decisons ! 🙈
just need oxlade & poldi to come back for city & chelsea matches
watching the west ham and chelsea soccer game . i want to play .
chelsea on nbc !
oh hell . f1 . interlagos or that vettel show . he's freaking flying . gonna focus on chelsea right now . chelseaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa coyb chelsea !
first time i've seen big sam's new formation/tactics , and to be fair , i love it so far ! the overload is blocking most of chelsea's play .
am i the only one on here watching chelsea vs west ham & bayern vs bvb at the same time .?
come on chelsea , bring 3 point to home 
watching chelsea fc vs west ham united fc #0 : 0
watching my boys :d chelsea
come on chelsea
west ham vs chelsea & u$a on the stereo . 
c'mon chelsea ! let's get a win ! make my day amazing ! 
west ham 1-0 chelsea
shout out to dis particular chelsea fan in my area who tends to pay 4 all other chelsea fan watchin d game wif him @889brilafm
¶ hate chelsea fc so much that i'd buy a bottle of chelsea spirit and empty it into the toilet
some hot guy just walked by chelsea's house carrying a loaf of bread
dis stadium is almost impossible to win in ... chelsea go hear am
looks like chelsea are playing more of a 4-3-2-1 today doesn't it ?
come on chelsea !!
 west ham vs chelsea 
come on west ham ( not that i like you either ) but hope you smash the chelsea cheats today
chelsea win to net me fifty quid please !
west ham vs chelsea or dortmund vs munich ... no question really
chelsea is their whites today .
i'm off to mow a meadow with my dog spot 
i believe chelsea fans remember last season at west ham ..... hahahaha ... >> c . cole and diame << dat kind thing
if chelsea lose/draw to west ham then i hope jose mourinho chokes on his own vomit
had tickets for west ham vs chelsea but i'm still stuck at work
fck west ham and chelsea . dortmund munich on
hazard almost finds the right ball through to eto'o inside the area but a defender cuts it out . chelsea finding space though . "
what a surprise , commentators gushing over chelsea ...... yet so negative when it's a city game .
if you're not a chelsea fan and you're watching chelsea instead of dortmund vs bayern ... then you suck man
don't even have any confidence in chelsea winning today especially with mourinho on the pitch side
come on chelsea ....
go chelsea gooo !!!!!!!
 chelsea vs . west ham united :)
i hope chelsea win tonight .
not sure chelsea has a define pattern of play ... no style whatsoever ....
if chelsea don't win today i'm gonna stick my head in boiling water
c'mon chelsea ! 
chelsea's gonna lose lololol
chelsea v west ham ! c'mon chels
 chelsea noob
let's go chelsea we need 3
love my new chelsea boots 💁
 west_brown vs chelsea
the talent westham have on the pitch is madddd downing👌
come on chelsea !!!
now chelsea
i don't like the white-blue jersey combination for chelsea tonight , the black kit should have been worn
 
too tired to watch chelsea match . go oscar !
focusing more on bayern munich's matches than chelsea's . i don't even know
so sad last night was chelsea's last night @ foodlion 💋
 come on chelsea !!!
come one chelsea
anyone doing bets on chelsea vs west ham game on 14
great covering by morrison to catch ramires and win the free kick . need plenty of work to keep chelsea at bay .
dads mate needs chelsea to win for his accumalator to come in of it does he wins £ 2,500 😱
come on !!! let's get 3 points
backing chelsea
come on chelsea
so i just want chelsea to lose today
c'mon chelsea !!!!
first chelsea attack on 4 mins - oscar with a good ball out to hazard who wins a corner . west ham clear it . "
ramirez is acc one of the best players i've ever seen at chelsea .
going to mute the chelsea game if niall quinn is commentating
come on chelsea !
watching chelsea
got that bad feeling that chelsea might lose this match .
go .
10 ' west ham 0 - 0 chelsea . "
i just now noticed that there showing the chelsea soccer game at work
why do so many united fans care what chelsea are doing ? united are only team i care about ..
shall watch chelsea's game !
man , i love our white kit 
k now watch chelsea !
come on , chelsea !
 : west ham - chelsea
watching the typical downing . predictable , dont understand when and where to pass in the right time . 
wait until arsenal disappoint , probably ba tshwaretse man u or chelsea manno
but chelsea is so boring ...
watching chelsea & doing mummy's hair and make up for tonight 😘✌️
want westham to win
if chelsea fail to win ;-)
chelsea is booty
repeat of last season against chelsea would be delightful haha
c'mon the hammers get into chelsea
come on chelsea ! ⚽
chelsea , you better go home , fuck your game today . wkwk . good night .
still don't really understand how mourinho didn't think lukaku and moses would benefit the chelsea squad this season ...
chelsea till i die ! 
chelsea , we need u guys to lose ! sincerely , every mufc fan :d
chelsea fans singing the willian song . class ! 
c'mon chelsea !
watching chelsea vs stoke while waiting for something , thing/ting everywhere
so shld just draw or loose and man u tushinde and vualla ... manchester makes a come back as always .. 
 aaskelainen ; demel , collins , tomkins , o'brien; collison , noble , nolan , morrison ; cole , downing
come on chelsea
let's go 
a lot of folk have chelsea on i see ... hope yous are all sickend !
 chelsea vs west ham
chelsea at 1.61 , they gotta win right ?
wait when did chelsea get white uniforms . if they aren't new they must rarely wear them 
chelsea only won 1 from 5 away matches bitches
watching chelsea 
slow start , come on chelsea 
chelsea change your shirts 🙉
that southend game was madness ! now for chelsea vs west ham 
really happy that niall quinn is commentating on the chelsea game ! 
anoda upset for chelsea will do jx fyn
come on chelsea the blue days 
all teams are defending when playing against chelsea smh 
juan mata should leave chelsea . urgently . in january . he must not allow an egotist like mourinho to ruin his career .
weird thing about being in the premierleague , is that i now find myself wanting chelsea to win 
chelsea ftw ! ahaks ! ! !
chelsea should get a tie in this match or a lose ... ama 3rd on the table 2mao ... 
haha the chelsea boys in full song , love it
can't wait to get home and watch the chelsea game !
sturridge is nasty at the striker position they should of kept him at chelsea but hey shit happens good game over all
mata not starting for chelsea nuuuuu
good luck chelsea 💙💙
beeeeeeeeg money going on chelsea ! 
chelsea game .
mi ago watch chelsea rub out a side
i see chelsea brad and janice are still sleeping bc they haven't opened my snapchat . lucky bastards !
now it's chelsea's turn to complete a good day !
to be a brit or to be a hipster .. bvb vs fcb or hammers vs chelsea ? ( answer : the former )
like this chelsea kit
10 ' min , west ham united vs chelsea still 0-0 come on chelsea <3 
will the top four towards the end of the season be like it was back in the day ? arsenal , liverpool , chelsea and manchester united ...
if i had the wings of a sparrow if i had the arse of a crow id fly over chelsea tomorrow and shit on those bastards below
if chelsea lose today i beg you man stay off the tl ... when you man lose its all excuses and fuck arsenal . scum bags
twice downing has got into perfect crossing areas both times no-one in box chances are scarce vs chelsea play with strikers sam 
i like the white chelsea kits .
i'll be more than happy should chelsea lose ..
hands up who is a fan for the next 90 minutes ?
come on chelsea
sigh sucks so much to miss a chelsea gameeeee
i am so sleepy & goodluck to my heroes ! goodnight ♡
chris foy in charge of d game self ... stupid anti-chelsea ref ...
good set up at the library . f1 on my laptop , west ham v chelsea on my desktop . my notes are receiving little attention ...
go chelsea go !
chelsea are honestly the most boring team to watch 
gogo chelsea 
come on chelsea seriously
 chelsea vs west ham united
should i even watch vs it's obvious chelsea is the better team but then again anything can happen 
am so addicted to the high tempo of the epl this bayern game is looking kinda boring . myt just change chelsea's game soon
come on chelsea
going to tidy my room like a boss and then i can watch the second half of the chelsea game 
... c'mon chelsea !!! 
let's go chelsea
a chelsea lost and a united win will put united in 3rd
c'mon chelsea ! 
sorry chelsea :( i am so sleepy tonight good news tmr ! 😊 
azpilicueta is not good enough to be in chelsea
come on chelsea
chelsea game so boring . jesus
chelsea to slip into 2nd with a tidy 4-0 
watching this chelsea game
i'll probably never love anyone ass much as i loved chelsea
watching chelsea is like watching paint dry
come on chelsea
only why i like chelsea is because of oscar 💁
chelsea has to win today . 
this chelsea's white jersey is really nice !
real madrid will make a january bid for either manchester city’s pablo zabaleta or chelsea’s césar azpilicueta . ( source : sun sport )
come on chelsea lets do them west ham cunts over on and off the pitch
woke up too late this morning to watch arsenal win , but just in time for the chelsea kickoff ! 
choices choices . watch barren v dortmond . west ham v chelsea or froch build up .
the commentator on the stream of this chelsea game just said ivanovic is bosnian , how do they even get their job !?
come on chelsea need you to win please ! 
and its continue , mata will be gonna really leave chelsea next season . good job mr happy one . you did it .
seems like it's been an age since the last chelsea game . hate the international break 
plenty of illuminous yellow boots on show in the west ham chelsea game 
things i would change in chelsea ... ivanovic playing at rb ... lamps playing week in week out !
chelsea dnt fuck up ...
comeon chelsea !!!!!
come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea 
conner to chelsea
new corner to chelsea . 
 west ham vs chelsea 
come on chelsea ! 3 points needed
watching dortmund vs bayern munich becos f you chelsea ... and you too vettel ...
corner to chelsea ... 
who started better ? west ham or chelsea ?
forget chelsea playing all ting lol
chelsea players not dived for penalties yet ?
gol !!! chelsea .
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea , come on chelsea !!! 
aweeeee the picture of what chelsea just sent me ! i'm so happy for her !
chelsea's second corner .
reyt depressed need chelsea to win or i'll top mesen
 day
good luck chelsea .
coner kick for chelsea
chris foy should never referee a chelsea game . he's had it out for them ever since that qpr disaster seasons ago 
and i just hate chelsea , dunno why
chelsea game on so shut the fuck up
corner chelsea . mikel to score .
watching the chelsea game , (:
managing this chelsea's match till they commence a more sensible match .. bayern v dortmund
the 11 chelsea fans , update us when your game is over !
everyone makes mistakes , by all accounts we gave it a good go today . bring on chelsea . 
counter attack to win a corner routine is repeated by chelsea
chelsea's got so many talented midfielders that jose is having to play some of them out of position .
to see chelsea playing under jose management .. to be fair .. it's one pleasure nth more
 chelsea vs west ham 
chelsea's 2nd corner
he hates tottenham 
come on chelsea !
man u have the opportunity to go 3rd if chelsea draw or lose today . mid-table team my left test tickle
if chelsea could just lose right now , that'd be great ! 
lets watch chelsea get beaten by westham
i'll probably never love anyone as much as i loved chelsea
corner for chelsea .....
if chelsea loses to west ham united that'll be a big upset
blue is the colour / football is the game we're all together / and winning is our aim 
guess i'll just have to settle for the chelsea game
come on chelsea ! 
need a pair of em chelsea boots
i do not like chelsea , but i do really like those kits . so clean .
comon 
go more chelsea go more . -seram
this chelsea game is boring
 west ham - chelsea
bucs , barcelona and wena chelsea i'm counting bo
i swear if lose this game , can start celebrating the trophy . 
you watch chelsea fuck it up hahaha 
chelsea's best work is coming down our left . hazard wins another corner . tomkins heads clear . 13 mins played . 
chelsea's counter attack is so deadly ! 
chelsea should win this . 
watching last nights , love the made in chelsea cast
west ham vs . chelsea ⚽️ 
chelsea win and i'm more than likely £150 up 
 
chelsea defend with an assymetric 442 on the ball's side leaving either oscar or hazard high up on the other side .
now to watch chelsea , shite team picked by the looks of it but should do the job
chelsea all d way baby
chelsea v west ham ! ... go chelseaaaa !! 
looking chelsea and west ham's lineups , i can only really see one winner . it'll be good to see joe cole against his former club , however .
chelsea look a much better team with mikel in that midfield
chelsea fans are fans that ran away from arsenal in 2004 or started watching football in 2005 ..
supporting chelsea ain't normal b .
. go chelsea go
now watch chelsea
sorry chelsea fans ... but if w ham can keep chelsea to the bare minimum ... mu has a good chance of moving up big tomorrow :))
come on chelsea ! come on chelsea ! come on chelsea !
let's gooo chelsea
come on , chelsea
chelsea to win
love this chelsea kit . may have to get it .
no nbc , i'm happy you're showing me the local green bay parade instead of the chelsea game . i love it 
come on chelsea <3
just wondering , are there any chelsea fans watching their game . vs bayern
chelsea's white kit is niceee
wtf chelsea and west ham playing damn fucking fast .
chelsea are mean on the counter .
not watching chelsea game
itx so funny hw chelsea fans r nw begging to win a match ..
i'm such a huge football ( soccer ) fan and i love being able to watch my chelsea boys in my dorm 
heads up : if roger is in switzerland next week , there's a good chance he could go to the chelsea v basel cl game on wednesday !
chelsea are unbeaten in their last 6 london derbies .
chelsea vs westham .... the blues should collect 3points comfortably here
only hammer amongst a sea of chelsea asian supporters 
better play from chelsea so far
this is the first time im missing a chelsea match due to my
can't believe i want chelsea to win this :/
the chelsea fan base is divided . you either on the mata side ( 5years or less fans ) or jose side ( 11+ years fans )
i want west ham to win so chelsea fans can suck der mum hahaha .. gunners are the best team in ldn say nada
going to have to watch west ham vs chelsea 
i remembered last season , chelsea lost 3-1 to whu at upton park
c'mon chelsea !!
come on chelsea！
incredible how inept darren bent is at scoring . 3 huge chances today he missed that would've won us the game . same as against chelsea ...
west ham vs chelsea 524
when i don't want my mom to know where i'm going or who i'm texting i just say , " it's chelsea " or goin to chelsea's " 
fight chelsea !!!!
get the feeling this chelsea v west ham game is going to be very dull .
blue is the color . football is the game . were all together & winning is our aim so cheer us on thru sun and rain . chelsea chelsea chelsea .
west ham vs chelsea 
chelsea are brutal on the counter 
chelsea's away strip looks like a fucking training top
chelsea to win this by a lone game . !!!
 west ham vs chelsea .
watching chelsea west ham game then of to the bath
chelsea will lose tonight . its so sure
this is expected , chelsea to have a slow game . score a goal and hold on to it . the risk being if we concede during this period 
come on chelsea
 west ham vs chelsea
so chelsea needs to lose today
now i will watch chelsea lose ! come on west ham !!!!!!!!!
can see an upset on the cards at west ham !! too open for chelsea at the minute i think ! need to tighten up more !
i just can't get used to these uniforms . why not chelsea blue today ? 
i cant wait for the made in chelsea christmas special
chelsea <3 
can chelsea win west ham on their home soil , i don't know what lampard is still doing their ?
come on chelsea 
why is the chelsea game on tv ? 
come on chelsea studying and watching is so hard i hate math
collins is a bloody liability 
chelsea fans singing the willian song . class ! 
anyone else having trouble with the nbc sports live extra app ( for chelsea ) or is it just me ?
dortmund v munich proper game an great fans # whu v chelsea shite # best league in world !!!!! germany hands down
morrison makes downing look good 
politics might make strange bedfellows . but chelsea makes me pull for allardyce . that's fucked up .
chelsea are getting outplayed by west ham ! i still favour them for the title but they need to improve their form and quickly
chelsea vs whu , live ..... who's gonna win ....
come on chelsea
morrison with good pace ran at the chelsea dendence but should of though ball downing on the left
west ham v chelsea on sky sports at the mo and its a tad boring , but it passes the time till strictly . ;)
can i hear some amen please !!
watching west ham v chelsea until 7pm then it's hala madrid time ! 
chelsea match .
the away kit for chelsea fc are so sick !
chelsea have to win this game , end of
not a fan of playing half fit players . especially centre backs & against chelsea 
watch chelsea game
chelsea . go ❤️
chelsea fans always cursing
doesn't feel right watching the chelsea game😗 hope they win though obvs ! 👯
chelsea pls win today's game . up blues
chelsea to win this by a lone goal . !!!
come on you chelsea 
feels too long since i've seen them play , come on chelsea !
need chelsea and madrid for 88 squid ...
aint no time to watch chelsea's game with dad .
hope chelsea thrash west ham .
chelsea got this .
west ham vs chelsea then doctor who straight after . this fosters gold tastes so buff aswell
13 ' collins heads clear a chelsea corner won after hazard's cross was deflected behind .
i want mata to leave chelsea as it seems mourinho thinks he doesn't need him and i don't want to see him ruined
chelsea have to beat west ham !!!!!! 🙏🙏🙏
been watching soccer since i woke up and now is on . today is a good day .
i'm sick of opening a magazine and finding made in chelsea kiss and tells 
 west ham v chelsea
im done wit tori & chelsea 😂✋
this chelsea jersey looks like pyjamas .
chelsea's playing and bayern's playing . let's get it !
there is no width in that chelsea team . no excitement . you can't bench schurrle , mata , willian and de bruyne . that's just not right .
 branislav ivanovic is serbian , for the commentators of the game whu vs chelsea .
if you watching west ham vs chelsea instead of bayern vs dortmund you're dead to me
chelsea's best work is coming down our left . hazard wins another corner . tomkins heads clear . 13 mins played . whu vs cfc
chelsea is playing shit ... switching to bvb vs bayern
west ham v chelsea 
chelsea's best work is coming down our left . hazard wins another corner . tomkins heads clear . 13 mins played .
let's go chelsea !
mata should play !!!
chelsea's best work is coming down our left . hazard wins another corner . tomkins heads clear . 13 mins played . 
say about 10mins into the chelsea game until i realised why the hell aren't i watching the bayern vs dortmund game . swift channel change
come on west ham lets keep chelsea in 4th ! southampton-looking strong in 3rd & i can't stop smiling at gunners 4points clear at the top !! :)
just seen the chelsea team . happy that it’s cahill over luiz . comment on mata isn’t really needed at this stage .
chelsea match . dw 50th special . graham norton show with matt smith and david tennant . 
chelsea got any fans there ? there a bit quite , they all must be at the mosque or something ....
this is probably chelsea's worst jersey .
what happent to chelsea ~_~
come on chelsea !
chelsea isnthe best ever . i love her soooooooo much
10 minutes and you lot at moaning . get behind your fekin team and shut the hell up . on chelsea
if chelsea play with a little more care they can fill their boots here . west ham look awful . really impotent .
who wants to cuddle and watch the chelsea game
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 @ the pictures chelsea sent me .
the pace of this west ham vs chelsea game is ridiculous
oh c'mon chelsea .. where's ur passion ?!! .
chelsea's best work is coming down our left . hazard wins another corner . tomkins heads clear . 13 mins played .
2 hours until new doctor who !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and so far , this west ham/chelsea match isn't exciting enough to distract me .
god i wish my chelsea will going to win this tonight
taking bets on xbox 360 for tommorows games and bayern vs dortmund + west ham vs chelsea . 
come on chelsea
so happy i can see the chelsea game 
anybody else not watching the chelsea game ? \o/
chelsea's best work is coming down our left . hazard wins another corner . tomkins heads clear . 13 mins played .
chelsea vs west ham gonna be good game
come on chelsea !!!!
west ham xi v chelsea hislop , scaloni , collins , konchesky , gabbidon , mullins , benayoun , reo-coker , etherington , ashton , harewood 
chelsea have been so slow in attack lately .
if chelsea & man utd win their gemes , then its only wigan thats lit me doon for £81 prrrrr icks
premier league de momento 0 -0 
chelsea must either lose or draw !
if chelsea win i'm gonna be chuffed
what's on the box tonight chris ? - football dad - what game ? - west ham v chelsea - oh , that's not football 🎣🎣🎣
come on chelsea !!!
remaining 2013 games hull - away norwich - home west ham - home tottenham - away cardiff - home man city - away chelsea - away 13 points
chelsea fans shaaa , this one talk say shey you fit beat southampton ni , we won .. talk again say shey o fe gba league ni ?
this chelsea squad is work in progress .. come on you blues
west ham vs chelsea . let's go hammers !! 
chelsea ! chelsea ! 
chelsea having a spiky game at whu
the minute this chelsea game's over its goodnight vienna 
chelsea's best work is coming down our left . hazard wins another corner . tomkins heads clear . 13 mins played .
come on westham !!
chelsea abeg just lose for me
' 15'live ' west ham 0-0 chelsea // dortmund 0-0 bayern munich
chelsea away win at upton park .. west ham will make it difficult but jose's side possess too much quality .. 1-2
okay to now ... come on chelsea !! go blues !
chelsea plzz 3points !
come on chelsea ! vs 
come on chelsea👏👏👏
chelsea game is boring i've seen arsenal and liverpool and they played good football .
kensington and chelsea are so nice
come on chelsea 
come on chelsea !!!!
let's watch chelsea flutter in a london derby ...
chelsea ass retweeting all my shit and shit
need chelsea , napoli and real madrid to win !
drakee supports chelsea no waaay
no way im staying indoor the whole day today . going to sleep after this chelsea game .
come on chelsea ⚽️👍
im talking about oscar obviously being tired as fuck but still not giving a rest , when mata on the bench , yea fuck chelsea this season
chelsea game does not matter , dortmund vs bayern is on
i enjoy chelsea's france outfit .
14 mins in .... and this match is boring lol come chelsea what's wrong with you !!!! on the bright side ..... 2 days until jamaica :)
hope chelsea lose
update : 15 ' west ham united 0 - 0 chelsea .
14 ' west ham launch a quick counter-attack following some chelsea pressing , but that final pass just isn't there .
chelsea score ??
come on chelsea . .... good game ...
waiting on chelsea to win for a nice coupon ! 
chelsea better lose
3 poin chelsea , big match dormundt vs munchen
nigga jameil watching chelsea vs westbrom smh .
fuck tori and chelsea and meesha 😂😂😂
mata still not getting a game for chelsea i see . sign him up in january , moyes ! 
some couple of quid just dropped into account as ravel starts for westham .
come on chelsea !
westham should win chelsea abeg , its an arsenal weekend .
come on chelsea
come on chelsea !! haish !! 
come on chelsea <3
so chelsea is playing right now and no one gives a fuck
good going chelsea .
so happy liverpool dropped points . gives us more room at the top . we just can't slip . chelsea and city left to play though 😓
come on chelsea <3
is it just me who finds chelsea really boring to watch ?
come on chelsea !!!
for fu## sake come on chelsea
briana and chelsea have the same icon im stressen
can't let chelsea walk all over us
westham over chelsea tonight ..........
waiting on chelsea for £93 !
come on chelsea !
anyone want to place bets on the already started chelsea game ?
westham shite at defending
it would be interesting to see chelsea lose , but it would make no sense at all
grabbarna ser dumma mig 2 . jag ser whufc-chelsea 
cmon chelsea lets hammer these mallets ;) 
this chelsea's game is just somehow
screw the chelsea game when cool runnings is on ! quality film .
just seen an add for the new series of made in chelsea such shite but i love it 
no wonder chelsea lack penetration . look at the players they have at their disposal and then chose to bench them ..
esape the fate and chelsea grin are gonna be there too c :
watching west ham vs chelsea
come on chelsea !
chelsea ' moonshine ' stewart 
football done , time to watch chelsea vs west ham , then the boxing 👌 👌
e be like say westham v chelsea tough pass german el-clasico o
rendering next episode of trading with every league , i will upload that video if i hit 10 likes on trading to chelsea ep 5 !
so yeah why is westham on my telly ? eww bye bye
the chelsea version of guess who must be dead easy . “ does he have a beard ? ” “ yes ” “ does he have a moustache ? ” “ no ” “ is it eden hazard ? ”
watching chelsea & dortmund vs bayern . lew . missed a sitter
west ham united vs chelsea 
go chelsea this is opotunity
im forever blowing bubbles . pretty bubble in the air . they fly so high and touch the sky & like westham they fade and die ..
chelsea just doesn't look inspired or is it just me ? 
chelsea for the win over west ham :d
thank god the premier league is back underway . i love national games , but i need to see my chelsea play .
who wants to go in on a 3 bedroom in chelsea with me ...
don't really like chelsea 3rd kit or whatever one they are wearing is
15 minutes gone and chelsea have only really looked dangerous from west ham's mistakes .
 , cant bare to watch this , niall quinn commentary , poor whufc side and very good chelsea side . its not looking good .
chance for chelsea as oscar is quicker to a loose ball than morrison but the brazilian curves his shot high and wide . 
ohhh , chelsea's first real shot after good closing down in midfield , oscar collects a loose ball . wide though . 16 gone 0-0
escape the fate and chelsea grin are gonna be there too :-))
me and chelsea always pick the worst routes to go down , always end up in alleyways and forests hahahahah
would love arsenal to take a punt on mata in january , see how much chelsea actually want to keep him .
corner to chelsea , not given . will you apologize , mike riley ?
would be great to watch the chelsea and west ham united game without the feed going blank every 10 seconds ! 
come on chelsea !!
" chelsea's best work is coming down our left . hazard wins another corner . tomkins heads clear . 13 mins played . "
c'mon chelsea
chelsea's away kit is fucking poo
watching the chelsea game
the bitch prolly askin do she hit hard . lol red said fuck chelsea weak scary ass
chelsea football can be used as a pacifier :(
why chelsea have loaned chalobah out but insist on playing mikel never fails to amaze me .
lampard is poor defensively but he adds that bite going forward that mikel lacks . till chelsea gets a proper cm we will have to manage lamps
we all hate man united , and chelsea too , we all hate tottenham ... but arsenal we love you !
i don't mean to suggest that i loved you the best .. i remember you well in the chelsea hotel , that's all i don't even think of you that often
miss my chelsea's girl .
up at silly o'clock ( 4:30 am ) to watch west ham v chelsea . hoping for a miracle ! haven't seen them win yet this season in the pl . 
chelsea all the way
let's watch chelsea ruin my accumulator then 
chelsea is better than all of u (:
 go chelsea go
my bloody mother has hidden my chelsea flag !
gotta be said , chelsea are playing like a mickey mouse team so far . up yours jose .
come on chelsea !! 
come on chelsea !!
blue is the colour football is the game . we're all together and winning is our aim #3point
oscar from chelsea is a babe
come on chelsea
can anyone think of why i was watching west ham v chelsea instead of bayern vs dortmund ???
oscar chelsea's best player ? ramires and terry ??? commentators do chat some shit sometimes
come on chelsea
come on chelsea 
i really hate chelsea ...
come on chelsea
if you're watching west ham v chelsea over dortmund v munich , you're wrong
continue watchin chelsea vs west ham or bang out cod
everton can school chelsea on passes ...
chelsea vs west hum
oscar drives first meaningful shot of the game high and wide on 16 mins . chelsea look most threatening down the left hand side 
lukaku should just stay in everton . chelsea looking to but falcao and either way he just won't shine like he is in everton .
west london i wonderfull ... full of boobs , laugh , and chelsea !!! oh west london is wonderfull
& nobody got time for the chelsea game
' 15'live ' west ham 0-0 chelsea ; oscar's shot just grazes the top of the bar from outside the west ham box
patience is a virtue not shown by a lot of chelsea ' fans '...... only 15 minutes gone and plenty of negativity already
best football game on right now : west ham vs . chelsea
chelsea are a piece of shit . win , lose or draw , they are just a bunch of slags .
chelsea shd win today o , if nt ppl go cause wahala for foz oo .. u knw chelsea fans wif dere anger esp wen dem lose .. sha dnt talk 2 dem
let's go psv & chelsea !
yo chelsea , just one job .. don't give man utd a shot at 3rd spot tomorrow .. 
chelsea doing good in their game too
are chelsea playing the old 4-3-3 mourinho formation ? 🌚
chelsea a commencer
at this rate chelsea won't have a player of the season
let's go chelsea .
chelsea are definitely having the better looks at goal . but west ham sticking to their task well . | 16 ' west ham 0-0 chelsea | 
chelsea should stop crossing the ball , nobody will be there to nod . or did they forget that drogba is in turkey ? 
watching the chelsea match with daddy💕
west ham v chelsea can suck my left one . proper football is on bt sport
spoiled for choice here with chelsea v west ham on one channel and dortmund v bayern on the other
didnt know chelsea is playing today - . -
18 ' west 0 chelsea 0 
i think i love this chelsea jersey its cool , but i don't want a win .
mata ... force your way out at the end of the season .. you were chelsea's best player last season ... you don't deserve this .
love this chelsea kit thoo
dirty dortmund ... diving and fouling . if lewandowski comes i will never like him . i hope he goes to chelsea .
come on chelsea
steady first 20 for chelsea . not too much being created , mind . need to set eto'o on his way ... 
go chelsea !!!!
commentators should stop saying chelsea 2 times player of the season on the bench , i feel like busting mourinho's asshole now
chelsea's so boring*switches 2 the bayern/borrusia game 
chelsea tv acting like a dog in heat now . seems god saving me the embarrassment of watching the game today . hope we win tho 
hope chelsea loose man
i swear the gloves the players have to wear are made for children !
now watching west ham united vs chelsea on sky sports 1 , volume is down as listening to podcasts . got many to listen to . x 1.5 speed mainly
chelsea looking poor away from home again .
i'm watching west ham vs chelsea . lol
come on chelsea !
my dad for some unknown bizarre reason would rather watch chelsea vs west ham instead of bayern vs dortmund 
come on chelsea !!!
" eden hazard is a blues is a blues is a blues , eden hazard is a blues he is chelsea "
chelsea's game , always the visual equivalence of a lullaby .
come on chelsea
leggo 
west ham v chelsea ! on now ! get yourself down here'⚽️🍺
why is chelsea's best player continuously on the bench ? ⚽
i'd like to see my main man carlton cole destroying the chelsea defence with his solid strength in the air
nw chelsea vs westham united 
i miss playin wit kayla , lil bb , q nd chelsea ! idk if them hoes miss me tho 😔😒
west ham look up for this would love to see them turn chelsea over here 
chelsea are currently in action at west ham , while dortmund and bayern are locking horns . sd
reallly hope chelsea lose
c'mon chelsea !
make a blue night chelsea . come on
and they have the chelsea game on ! 🙌
i never know who is going to start for chelsea . tactical inconsistency will kill them . there's always unrest in their squad too
chelsea goodluck
imagine epl without chelsea !
why watch chelsea when you could watch star wars
i dont agree with this lineup . but its mourinho . just get us all three points today . thatz all !!
come 
let's go chelsea fc !
go chelsea go
got home to order a pizza and chelsea west ham maybe some spanish football c wat happens
watching soccer . 
nw match chelsea . chow
looool chelsea what are you doing ... we're playing westham , should've scored by now tbh ...
come on chelsea 
the new number 11 for chelsea is a qt
westham at home
chelsea and chinese what more can you ask for
watching chelsea's game .
heri to watch those weird south african games than this chelsea hame
chelsea vs westhamunited : just finalize : the sunday lunch : biulir dal * alu posto * bhat
chelsea are too laboured in possession . chelsea need to step up the gears now & not wait until 20 mins to go 
 who the hell are chelsea anyway ???
chelsea just score this first goal already
we love chelsea
" चल शी " ~ a chelsea fan from bihar
great result for us today . it will be even better if chelsea lose ;) 
come on chelsea !! :)
come on chelsea let's take home three points 
i will be so happy if chelsea lose today
don't get me wrong i love ramires at chelsea but just not on the attacking wing
having been spoiled by the merseyside derby earlier , this west ham vs . chelsea game is enough to make you want to pay a visit to dignitas .
chelsea doing well to hold west ham with 10 men . 
just can't decide between dortmund vs bayern and west ham vs chelsea
west ham united vs chelsea ? well carrolls injured so lets go chelsea ? 
watching that chelsea game .... ⚽
west ham v chelsea 
watching hammers chelsea on mute because niall quinn is a terrible terrible commentator
we must win this chelsea !
forgodsakes chelsea come on !!!
y flow nah bring chelsea matchh kmfttttttt
chelsea chelsea ! blues day !
cfc chelsea ktbffh
i'm forever blowing bubbles , pretty bubbles in the air , they fly so high , nearly reach the sky .. let's go fucking mental
so far vs is about as interesting as watching paint dry ! 
yo , chelsea vs west ham united ⚽️
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea fc day !!!
i am going to miss the chelsea match via i need to sleep and study early .
come on chelsea
come on chelsea
oscar chelsea's best player and consistent ? wtf
the only big team in epl arsenal would win is liverpool ... chelsea , mancity and united , impossible .
chelsea ht/ft 2/2 3.30 . 
if it wasn't for niall quinn i wouldn't know west ham v chelsea was a derby !! only said it about ten times already
chance for chelsea as oscar is quicker to a loose ball than morrison but the brazilian curves his shot high and wide . 
yet again it is clear to see that chelsea have problems winning midfield battles , such an obvious problem . 
c'mon fc chelsea 
west ham v chelsea it is then ..
can somebody please explain to your nbc chelsea game commentators that ivanovic is not bosnian but serbian . 
chelsea got this trust
chelsea end singing to the home side : " frankie lampard - he's won more than you !"
chelsea vs west ham united 
let's go chelsea !!
west ham coming on to chelsea side cross but push but
c'mon chelsea <3
i don close this chelsea game . damn this shit so dry
ok .... see downing forming like messi against chelsea oh ! hmmm ok na ! 
c'mon george groves tonight , good chelsea man !! 🇬🇧
so incredibly boring as usual chelsea 
c'mon chelsea
 go chelsea
ayoo chelsea !! 
wonder where chelsea and catrice at 👀
dortmund on thd ipad an chelsea on the telle 
am i the only chelsea fan who isn't a big fan if ivanovic ?
chelsea must watch kelvin nolan . i've followed him in the last 10yrz !
 chelsea vs wast hams ! i hope chelsea win 
just need chelsea to win this and it will have been a good day !
chelsea look shit
this brittany , chelsea been scary since way back then . the bitch burned rubber she didn't want a issue so therefore her lil ugly ass needa
us folks , is bayern/bvb on anywhere ? would rather watch that than chelsea/west ham .
chelsea game , scotland game and , star wars ? oh tv gods , you spoil me .
 chelsea ,,,
hope chelsea get fucked over by west ham !
chelsea is going to lose , i feel it
chelsea look shit !
home & watching some real football ! come on chelsea
rt for 
can't wait for the made in chelsea christmas special apparently a massive bitch fight happens between the girls ! 
feeling good .. premier league is backkkkkk :d :d come on chelsea 
chelsea will lose this match :p
bet in play double : real sociedad win chelsea vs . west ham under 0.5 fhg pays 7/1
chelsea are useless
my heart stopped there . chelsea can't concede first
hope chelsea win . yeah and im going to bed . nights people
come on chelsea !!
oscar has been so good for chelsea so far this season also
that was pure luck chelsea
say what you want about the old trafford atmosphere but this west ham chelsea game is fucking terrible !
c'mon chelsea ffs !
i ain't getting comfy till chelsea score at least four goals
great play westham !
come on chelsea ! 
even though i don't play soccer anymore , i still have to watch chelsea's games or i feel weird
fuck sake chelsea are playing so shit
why chelsea signed eto'o ill never know
chelsea are struggs !
chance for chelsea as oscar is quicker to a loose ball than morrison but the brazilian curves his shot high and wide . "
westham been rushing chelsea
 chelsea vs west ham
some shaky defending there . could've been 1-0 . and not for chelsea .
i would prefer watch a movie over chelsea westham game 
chelsea grin's don't ask don't tell is seriously so addicting
watching the chelsea game n.n 😊😊😊
i'd love for joe cole to score , chelsea legend
chaos in the area ! upton park getting behind a scrappy half chance in the chelsea area .
great defending there for chelsea 
chance for westham utd but chelsea clears it
when whu vs chelsea's game on , i will sleep quickly . good night~
west ham press a chelsea counter and ends up with a nolan shot in the box . game livening up . 0-0
this is a even match westham are holding it up , kevin nolan is quality
defence sketchy chelsea
don't usually root for the hammers but in this case i'd love them to shit all over chelsea and win
brilliant ! chelsea defense sound asleep
going watch my other team in action 
joe cole do chelsea strong tin 4 me na !
do chelsea plan to take this match seriously ?
come on chelsea !!!! utc :)
chelsea , pls there is no room for slip up oooo
boring ah game chelsea ni . usha jap game dortmund
raven and chelsea and are me and rosie
if i said it once , i've said it a thousand times ... fuck chelsea
0 - amount of hungry chelsea players on the field . overpaid .
looks like another loss for chelsea .
hazard gonna score today or at least get an assist calling it 
a scared chelsea fan
what an escape for chelsea .. lucky save
come on 
chelsea very poor so far .
westham come on !
 chelsea vs west ham
west ham are all over chelsea
pub filling up for west ham vs chelsea . what are your score predictions then ? 
west ham v chelsea . another game where al qaeda is the only hope .
my baby joe is playing against chelsea 😭😭😭
westham should've scored there !!
common you blues ! 
this chelsea team tho <<<<
why do chelsea make the what should be simple games look so hard ? 
male male il chelsea fin ora 
great block by the chelsea defense
fuck sake come on chelsea sort these iron slags out !! 
watching the chelsea game ⚽️👀
eto'o has to be one of chelsea's worst pieces of business
this chelsea team doe !
come on chelsea
some flyingfish beer , meat and chelsea . can it be a better saturday ?
so nerv for chelsea😥♥️
" lool : forgodsakes chelsea come on !!!"
 chelsea vs west ham
chelsea nt playing gd football
quite an average chelsea performance so far
mom i wanna watch the chelsea game got damn it
3rd mug of coffee because i can't keep my eyes open ! slept 3am . woke up at 5 for merseyside derby . now chelsea are playing .
rt for yeaaahh
currently watching chelsea vs west ham united
lets get this win chelsea 🙌🙌⚽️🙏💙
lmao . westham is tearing chelsea apart . we need goals
chelsea get orgarnised maaan !!!!!
watching west ham vs chelsea as i really should be watching college football :/ :(
chelsea's white uni's are diiiirrrttttttttyyyy
west ham united is punishing chelsea !!
come one chelsea .
come on westham need to get back into the groove ... and start making upton park the place teams hate coming too ... 
1 solid game from chelsea ! that's all i want to see !
 west ham united vs chelsea .
18 ' scramble at the chelsea box the hammers playing well
i can't imagine if joe cole scored against 
come on chels ! a leicester win , chelsea win & a narborough foxes win would make my weekend !
west ham v chelsea is a shite game
chelsea grin bitches \m/
c'mon chelsea .
west ham v chelsea – live ! | scott murray : minute-by-minute report : east meets west ( london ) at upton park . follow all the action wit ...
coping with post desert bus depression by watching the chelsea game at the pub with my family .
common chelsea !!!!!!!
ain't no gooner got time for chelsea game ! bayern vs dortmund is the game
west ham do us a favour so we can catch chelsea .. never thought id be saying that after all the shit before the season haha howay the lads
c'mon chelsea
chelsea were lucky there ... 
nobar westham vs chelseafc ( with mohammad agustian , ahmad , and 3 others )
good win for arsenal and palace today ! a chelsea defeat would top it all off !
3 points and 4 points clear at the top , now want west ham to beat chelsea .
i'm quite confident chelsea will be beaten today
its time of wha vs chelsea 
catching up on the alan carr show . made in chelsea cast are on !!
chelsea ikufanira kurohwa .. i hate that team with a passion
we love you chelsea , we do . we love you chelsea , we do . we love you chelsea , we do . ohh chelsea we love you 
munich vs dortmund will be one awesome match but the chelsea vs west ham match is more important to us .. what to do , what to do ..
missing the chelsea game right now 😒
 chelsea vs west ham while waiting for #1dday
chelsea fc for the win
dis westham defender reminds me of jaap stam ... god ! i loved dat guy .
west ham x chelsea no fox sports
hope today you'll give us a clear win# chelsea
chelsea the big club 🙊
why chelsea is playing like shit ?
chelsea have been meh so far .
west ham & chelsea game is good 👍
and a chelsea fan called mourinho dumb smh .
terrible performance for chelsea yet net to turn the jets on
come on chelsea man !!!!! 💙💙
i'm for chelsea , goodnight ! ☺
missed chelsea match . what a pity :(
i remember joe cole when he played as blue in chelsea .
 - today marks joe cole's first match against chelsea since 2003 .
chelsea's white jersey 😍😍😍 
dunno why everyone rims chelsea and think there gunna piss the league 
real madrid will make a january bid for either manchester city’s pablo zabaleta or chelsea’s césar azpilicueta . 
lets go chelsea !
the chelsea jerseys are weighing us down 
 
 haven't got going yet in this game
come on chelsea !
chelsea's matches are always boring
anything short of a win against would be a serious setback in 's title chase .
c'mon chelsea !! we need this w 
chelsea defense always throw their bodies to protect the net 👌
chelsea outfit tho ... 
let's go chelsea #3points
west ham vs chelsea . most boring derby ever !
high school football instead of chelsea game 
chelsea's white jerseys are beautiful
chelsea is a girls name nananana
let's keep the goals coming 
abeg na who wear wine color jersey .... na chelsea ?
switched from watching dortmund-bayern to west ham-chelsea . fuck the technical shit i wanna see james collins hoofing it to carlton cole
 definitely on top so far . so to win it 2-0 . 
c'mon chelsea .
come on chelsea . get your finger out .
still awake . watching the chelsea match whilst glancing at maths .
penalty to chelsea ! 
oh and chelsea to
 lesding . 7 points a head of chelsea , 8 points ahead of man u , 9 points ahead of city ,
i hate how chelsea plays
penalty chelsea
west united vs chelsea 
c'mon chelsea !! ( or the pole dancing blue cats ) 
good block from chelsea defences
c'mon chelsea ! 
come on chelsea !
penalty chelsea
joe cole still playin ?? i thought he retired after he left chelsea !
penalty for chelsea !
if it carries on like this i'm hiding behind my sofa come on chelsea !!!!!!!!!!!!!
pen to chelsea
re : referee riley apology : mourinho and chelsea do have a " point "
penalty chelsea !
chelsea's defence tho
penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea
penalty for chelsea !
oh dear , penalty to chelsea
chelsea penalty !!!!!!
come on chelsea
pen to chelsea !!!
penalty for chelsea !!
if madrid and chelsea win i'll get £70 but joe allen is still getting a letterbomb .
dislike watching chelsea play during the november period ....
penalty awarded to chelsea !
looking strong on d as usual , but making this a track meet with chelsea's talent makes me nervous 
penalty chelsea . 24
penalty to chelsea !
it's a penalty for chelsea !!!
penalty to chelsea ! yess !
penalty to chelsea !!
rubbish play from chelsea
penalty to chelsea
erugh , chelsea have a penalty .
of course chelsea favorited that tweet
pen to chelsea !
penalty for chelsea .
dortmund munich at same time as west ham chelsea . why why why
chelsea penalty .
penalty for chelsea
penalty for chelsea
what football team do you support ? xx
penalty chelsea
penalty chelsea .
penalty for chelsea !
penalty pour chelsea !
chelsea penalty !
penalty to chelsea !
penalty chelsea
penaltyyy chelsea woop
bayern game or chelsea game !! hard choice .
chelsea play some truly shit football
penalty chelsea !
demel you are so stupid . penalty to chelsea
west ham man wtf why do teams just give chelsea goals man ffs
penalty chelsea !!
gr8 goal chelsea !! eto 45min of play
goallll chelsea 
penalty to chelsea fuck !
chelsea penalty . 
penalty for chelsea
gettin haway chelsea !!!!
penalty to chelsea !! hazard please !!
penalty for chelsea .
yeah chelsea penalty
peno to chelsea
chelsea have a penalty
penalty to chelsea
pen to chelsea .
jesus christ arsenal and chelsea couldn't of been luckier today
penalty chelsea
come on chelsea !
chelsea penalty
penalty to chelsea
penalty chelsea
penalty to chelsea
pinalty for chelsea !
penalty for chelsea ! 
watching chelsea !!! aughh ... i rate gormahia better
penalty to chelsea
penalty for chelsea !!
chelsea penalty !
penalty to chelsea x x x
penalty to chelsea . not going well !
penalty to chelsea . come on .
penalty for chelsea
got a feeling chelsea game will end up as a boring 0-0 draw but as i type penalty has been given .
penalty chelsea
it's a penalty for chelsea !
penalty chelsea .
penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea
come on chelsea , put it in the net ! 
chelsea penalty 
epl refs . na penalty be that against chelsea naa
a penalty for chelsea ! 
chelsea penalty !
penalty chelsea !
pen to chelsea
chelsea got lucky with that tbh
penalty for chelsea . what is jaaskelainen doing ?
chelsea have such an ugly and boring away kit
penalty to chelsea 20 '
penalty to chelsea , terrible west ham defending .
looool omg westham are poor
why do chelsea get so many penalties
penalty chelsea
penalty to chelsea .
penalty for chelsea
for one night only . come on chelsea
mon chelsea score this peno
penalty chelsea . frank lampard to take .
stupid cunt fuck sake westham
penalty chelsea
penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea !!
yes ! penalty for chelsea ! 
penalty to chelsea
penalty to chelsea
penalty to chelsea . oscar brought down
 against whu . go chelsea !! pk for oscar !!
penalty to chelsea
c'mon chelsea !!
pennalty pour chelsea =d
chelsea penalty .
pk !!! for chelsea !!
penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea . ehem
penalty chelsea , weren't the keepers fault absolute shite defending
definitely penalti . come on chelsea !
chelsea have a penalty !!!
penalty for chelsea
penalty chelsea !
penalty for chelsea !!!
penalty chelsea get the fuck in !
chelsea penalty ! come on
chelsea fans need to leave it ...
yes !!! im eating today penalty to chelsea
penalty chelsea
chelsea penalty ! come on lampard !
peno pour chelsea !!!
c'mon chelsea ... let's get west spam sucked in
chelsea are so lucky ! pens all the time !
pen for chelsea init
fredrick from made in chelsea extremely looks like beast in beauty and the beast after he transforms
yeah chelsea penalty !!!
penalty for chelsea !
penalty to chelsea !
penalty to chelsea ! keeper brought oscar down ! 
westham are shit fuk this shot watching bayen
boom ... pen to chelsea 
pen to chelsea
yay penalty for chelsea !!
 penalty .
penalty to chelsea
yesss pen chelsea !! ahah
penalty for chelsea
penalty pr chelsea
lol _ these westham defenders no get sense
penalty to chelsea .
just in : chris foy gir chelsea straffespark . saken oppdateres .
penalty to chelsea woohhooooo
penalty to chelsea !! come on lamps !!
penalty chelsea
penalty ? no again chelsea .. o_o
chelsea penalty !!!
again penalty for chelsea ..
penalty pour chelsea >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
penalty for chelsea 
penalty for chelsea
penalty for chelsea ( y )
penalty for chelsea .
penalty for !!!
penalty !!! come on chelsea !! 😎
i was just about to tweet ' happy with the way westham have played so far ' fuck sake
chelsea awarded another penalty yet again .
well done oscar penalty chelsea
penalty to chelsea
penalty for chelsea
wth .. penalty to chelsea .
fucking shocking defending . penalty chelsea
penalty for chelsea . haha
foy has given a penalty to chelsea !!!
i lied ... the chelsea game is on regular nbc . but i really need food ...
penalty for chelsea come on blues !
[ premier league ] resultados al momento . 20 ' west ham 0 - 0 chelsea 
chance for chelsea as oscar is quicker to a loose ball than morrison but the brazilian curves his shot high and wide .
penalty to chelsea , c'mon lampsy 
chelsea better score this penalty ..
chelsea get a pen
penalty come on chelsea 
penalty to chelsea get in come on now
omg pen to chelsea
penalty to chelsea ! ”
a penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea !
yes !!! penalty ... hope goal !!!
penalty to chelsea !
chelsea all the way tonite .....
20 ' penalty to chelsea . 
a penalty to chelsea !
penalty in favor for chelsea👏
pen to chelsea
penalty for chelsea .
chelsea get penalties for free these days ....
chelsea to win to make me £121 richer !!
looks like a penalty kick for !
chelsea aren't a good football team , and their fans are just the worst .
yey ! penalty for chelsea !! 
penalty chelsea !!!
what was that westham ?
penalty chelsea terrible pass back
penalty for chelsea
come on chelsea bury this !!
penalty for chelsea
penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea !
penalty for chelsea !
penalty !!!!!!!! c'mon 
penalty for chelsea :d !!!
so chelsea is playing . where dem fans and radio ?
penalty chelsea !
penalty for chelsea !
penalty to chelsea !! oscar brought down by big jaaskelainen !!
penalty for chelsea !
chelsea are so lucky
chelsea with a penalty
easy chelsea win now i know
penalty to chelsea !!!
penalty chelsea . no card ?
penalty for chelsea 
west ham united vs chelsea : both teams play the 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 formation .
penalty to chelsea 
penalty to chelsea .
step up fat boy ! 
penalty for chelsea !
penalty to chelsea .
and dey gave chelsea a penalty again
chelsea get gifted so much it's unreal .
peno chelsea common lamps !!!!
awful backpass !! chelsea penalty !!!
penalty for chelsea !!!!! clear penalty .
ffs chelsea winning
penalty chelsea !? shocking mistake
boom penalty , c'mon chelsea
wtf ..... fucking useless from west ham . penalty to chelsea . typical .
football time 
woooo penalty ! go chelsea !
penalty for chelsea
now chelsea get a penalty ..
penalty to chelsea
penalty to chelsea ! 
penalty awarded to chelsea by chris foy !!
oh ffs westham
it's impossible supporting the underdog . westham , shame on you .
hmmmm soft penalty to chelsea
ohhh lawd chelsea wins a penalty
fuck you chelsea
penalty for chelsea !
i guess i'm rooting for chelsea in this game
penalty chelsea !
 chelsea vs wast hams ! i hope chelsea win 
penalty chelsea !
penalty ! come on chelsea
penalty kick for chelsea
typical shit westham defending
penalty for chelsea
oh no . penalty for chelsea
c'mon chelsea
chelsea penalty ! come on !
chelsea get this sort of luck all the fucking time .
penalty chelsea . yawn .
chelsea have yet another penalty , on the upside oscar is playing
chelsea score the shittest goals
and the streak of back four + gk communications going full retard against chelsea is back .
pooor defending penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea
penalty chelsea .
come on chelsea !
initial impressions chelsea are playing free flowing good footballbut in defence iva has been bad , in attack oscar not up2 his class !! 
penalty for chelsea .
penalty for chelsea !!
penalty for chelsea .
penalty for chelsea
penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea . that's stupid jaseee
hell yea have the channel 
chelsea another penalty again smh
chelsea really need to spend some money and get a top striker like lukaku 
send him off ! 
wooooow penalty for chelsea ... bad defending 😒
penalty to chelsea ! -hb
penalty for chelsea ! come on you blues !
penalty for chelsea :)
come on chelsea
penalty for chelsea 😁
penalty for chelsea !
really like the chelsea away kit !
penalty for chelsea .
fucking chelsea
penalty kick to chelsea
the chelsea penalty is here ! right call this time though
pen to chelsea !
no !! chelsea can't be getting another penalty . fuck no !!!
how lucky are chelsea ???
penalty chelsea , converted by . 0-1
penalty for chelsea !
penalty to chelsea .
penalty to chelsea .
penalty for chelsea !!!!!
penalty to chelsea
penalty for chelsea ! :d 
gooooaaaaalllll ! west ham 0-1 chelsea . lampaaaaaaaaaaarddd !
penalty for chelsea 
wtf why do clubs give gifts with ribbons 
chelsea penalty . oscar fouled and lampard to take
well that's just brilliant . glad i got home in time for that . 
penalty to chelsea ! jussi jaaskelainen brings down oscar , as lampard steps up to take the spot kick
penalty to chelsea !! lool
penall chelsea
chelsea will miss this penalty .
maybe not .... pen for chelsea - cw
lol penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea , demel undercooks ' knee ' back , oscar nicks in and is upended by jaaskelainen .
come on chelsea ! 
penalty pour chelsea !!!!
penalty ! yes keeper makes a howler ! chelsea vs west ham
chelsea wasn't even in the game ! what a load of shit !
penalty to chelsea wtf ?
penalty to chelsea ! jaaskelainen clears out oscar and foy points to the spot
mata , torres , cole still missing out . 
chelsea got a penalty ? and didn't dive for it ? what is this
chelsea players asking for a red ! mugs !
pinalty for chelsea ❤️❤️❤️
penalty for chelsea
penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea lam pars to take it
oh dear jussi , penalty for 
thats a clear penalty . come on chelsea
peno to chelsea !
penalty to chelsea
20mins penalty to chelsea will this be a goal ? 50000
penalty to chelsea !
hope morrison takes this pen for chelsea !
 deserve that penatly !!!
penalty for chelsea .
chelsea needs to win this !! 💙
 wtf are they doing
penalty for chelsea .
penalty to chelsea ! 
intrestesd in placing bets on the chelsea vs west ham game or bvb vs bayern
as much as chelsea are a great team buy they always get a bit of luck and it was just shown there
penalty ! yes . 
penalty for chelsea !
penalty to chelsea ...
penalty chelsea
soft penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea ! 
goal chelsea !!! 1-0 lampard !!!! penalty
come on .... come on .... come on chelsea ......
19 ' - penalty ! 
chelsea all over that
penalty chelsea
penalty for :)
penalty chelsea !
penaly for chelsea
lets go pk for chelsea
yeahhh penaltyu for chelsea
anoda ojoro oooooo ...... chelsea !!!!!.... man . utd we must do our own o
what a gift for chelsea
pen ! 1-0 chelsea- lampard 
lampard scores and chelsea is 1-0 up .
penalty for chelsea
just to remind arsenal fans , thiz dec ul play everton , man city n chelsea , santa clause shud bring u guys handkerchief as gifts !
penalty pour chelsea
pk !!! let's go chelsea
penalty for chelsea .
rhaaa penalty to chelsea
can't look at chelsea 
i hope everyone is watching the chelsea west ham match .
penalty ! 
penalty !!! for chelsea
anaylsis rec's: over 3.5 cards ( 2.25 ) chelsea and over 2.5 goals ( 2.75 . ) 
penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea
penalty .! to chelsea
penalty for chelsea . 
penalty chelsea
dat defence
chelsea and penalty these days
chris foy has given a penalty for chelsea . for .
arsenal lucky and now chelsea !
penalty for chelsea
chelsea goo goooo :)
chelsea just get lucky break after lucky break , it's insane .
penalty to chelsea ! 
penalty pour chelsea .
penalty : chelsea's oscar gets flipped over and rewards chelsea a pk . lampard to take .
oh piss off chelsea
dis west ham game looks like 1 chelsea(away derby bad history lost last game no win in nov ) will loose but cfc cant afford a loss cmon blues
penalty chelsea !!
goal chelsea
and the winner of the most overrated player in the premier league is ... eden hazard 
20mins . chelsea penalty ! :-)) 
penalty for chelsea
chelsea are a shit tottenham hotspur .
goal ! lampard . west ham 0-1 chelsea . 
penalty to chelsea ! oscar fouled by jussi in the box .
lampard will score against westham again . lol
that was a dead touch ! why try passing to the keeper there . easy chelsea goal kmt !
1-0 chelsea and i'm goin out
penalty for chelsea !
guy demel what a shit pass back . penalty to chelsea .
chelsea is just too lucky these days .
chelsea is the luckiest team in the epl
fucking chelsea scum
fuck you chelsea
lampard no worries 1 0 chelsea
penalty for chelsea
penalty for chelsea .
penalty to chelsea ! 
chelsea and their pk's!!
benalty for chelsea ...
goooooaaaal ! 
fuck this chelsea get a penalty and torres is nowhere to be seen
ual still makin defensive errors wen u play chelsea ??? lol .
goal !!! chelsea 1-0 !
penalty to chelsea
omg . foy gave chelsea a penalty ???
chelsea , jimmy and houston need to wake up so i can eat some chili .
chelsea got a penalty there ..
come on chelsea
goooll del chelsea .
penalty to chelsea .
penalty ? not again chelsea .. -__-
let's go chelsea ! 
okay chelsea dapat penalti . goaaal !
goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea ( lampard 21 penalty ) 
teams are so good pass backs against chelsea 
dis idiot just gifted chelsea a penalty
oh for fucks sake . stupidest thing i've seen in a while . 
chelsea came with god to this game
dad needs chelsea to win for his coupon
come on chelsea yesss !!! lampyyy
0-1 chelsea lampards penalty !!!
west ham/chelsea ? lol who needs that when bayern/dortmund is on ! :d
penalty to chelsea super frank to take the penalty ! sd
1-0 chelsea , lampard penalty .
well in chelsea
another blunder , penalty for chelsea , and lampard scores
no danger there at all .... poor defending 
i think mou wants lampard to be a gerrard for chelsea ..... well , that's the best i could come up with
hahahahhahahahahaha no fucking way did chelsea also get a penalty .
get in chelsea !!! 
lampard ! 1-0 chelsea !
goal !!! west ham 0-1 chelsea !!! lampard !
come on chelsea , put it in the net ! 
chelsea is a lucky club
frank lampard , legend . chelsea 1-0 west ham
pen to chelsea
as soon as i tweet that , chelsea score , typical
penalty chelsea .
just got in and penalty chelsea !
penalty to chelsea . and goallllll ! frank lampard .
easy chelsea 👊
1-0 chelsea lampard with the penalty
goal ! lampard score for chelsea .
come on ....
chelsea leads 1-0 !
west ham and chelsea quietest game of the season , two fanbases that don't sing at all .
penalty to chelsea as oscar goes down ! 
penalty for chelsea , and goal !
penalty for chelsea
penalty to chelsea !
pen to chelsea ! jussi brings down oscar from a poor backpass . frank lampard to take and ..... scores ! 1-0 chelsea !!
chelsea lead 1-0 .
chelsea penalty ! lampard scores !
goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea* . frank lampard with a smashing peno .
chelsea always get a fucking penalty
lampard ... 1-0 chelsea !!!
lampard finished it 👌 chelsea up 1-0
penalty 
lampard scores and chelsea lead
penalty to chelsea ..... lampard takes and scores ! 1-0
west ham 1 - chelsea 2 ( nolan - lampard , oscar )
lampard scores it ! west ham 0 - 1 chelsea 
chelsea ! yeay yeah ! goal !
divin fuck aw a hate chelsea man hate thum
pen to chelsea yeah baby !!
tweets of chelsea getting a pen , switching the channel , what was the defender doing ?
super frank ! 1-0 chelsea
half of these ' chelsea fans ' spent more time bitching about mata than supporting the team 
chelsea 1-0
goal ! chelsea convert a pk in the 21st minute for a 1-0 lead 
west ham 1 chelsea 2 
big fat frank ! come on chelsea
lampard 1-0 chelsea go on son !!!!
lampard takes the penalty and ... lampsy scores ! 1 - 0 to chelsea .
lampard !!!! super frank !!!! chelsea lead 1-0 !!!
goal : lampard with a brilliant penalty . 1-0 to chelsea .
listening to west ham-chelsea on talksport . what have west ham done here ?
good chelsea !!!
lucky break for chelsea
1-0 chelsea !!! thats all my bets if chelsea win 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
chelsea up 1-0 on west ham .
penalty ! lampard scores (: west ham 0-1 chelsea
chelsea get more penalties than any team in britian , especially under mourinho
a foul yes , but i don’t understand how the chelsea player fell like that , very unnatural .
yes chelsea
yes penalty get in now come on lamps 
fat frank puts chelsea 1-0 up
a penalty for chelsea .. lampard will score
frank ! 1-0 chelsea !!
lampard scores and chelsea leads the game
lampard score and chelsea lead
at least chelsea's penalty wasn't last minute this time . jammy bastodd's .
lampard , bang ! 1-0 chelsea .
penalty kick for chelsea and they score
wooooah ! what was jaaskelainen thinking ? score from penalty spot .
save that what a goal frank lampard 1-0 chelsea
yes ! 1-0 chelsea ! lampard
penalty chelsea
chelsea get a nailed on pen . chelsea players being arseholes asking ref to book the keeper .
at west ham v chelsea : penalty to chelsea , goal for lampard , once of these parts . 1-0 
chelsea 1-0 west ham super frank !
lampard scores , 1-0 chelsea .
penalty for . fail by west ham goal keeper . goal 1-0
come on chelsea .... yesssss
silly chelsea . mschewwww !
yes get in frank lampard 1-0 to chelsea
1-0 chelsea . lampard scores a penalty .
lampard ! 1-0 chelsea
penalty .. chelsea are playing exciting football ... not 
well done chelsea 1-0
gol do chelsea - lampard !!!
chelsea is on the board !
gol del chelsea , lampard
west ham v chelsea
goal ! 1-0 chelsea
shut up mourinho 
chelsea and penalties
goal ! frank lampard slams the ball to the net . west ham 0 chelsea 1 after 20 minutes .
i should probably be watching chelsea but this is more important .
this is getting ridiculous . what is there , some form of suicide pact among teams playing arsenal and chelsea ?
chelsea didn't deserve that . west ham are dead
without mistakes and refereeing decisions i am sure chelsea would be about 10th .
yes 1-0 chelsea
same old chelsea always falling hardly deliberate fuck off you jammy fat cunt
chelsea for the win !!!
chelsea are so lucky
unlucky westham sha
lampard scores ! chelsea lead 1-0 ! 
super frankie lampard 
goal ! lampard smashes chelsea ahead from the penalty spot . 1-0
1-0 to chelsea what a strike !
what ? chelsea to pinalty . oh bad :-(
gol de chelsea . lampard de penal . 1 a 0 vs west ham .
chelsea have taken the lead !
looooool fuck off west ham one nil chelsea
penalty for chelsea !!!
penalty !!!!!!!!!! chelsea in the lead !!!!!
lampard ! west ham 0 - 1 chelsea
boring , boring 
where's the fucking red card ? kmt , 1-0 chelsea .
goal west ham 0-1 chelsea ( 21 mins) . frank lampard scores from the spot after jussi jaaskelainen brings down oscar 
oh na red chelsea players dey ask for ......
lampard !!! goal !!!! 1-0 chelsea
gol de lampard . chelsea 1-0 west ham
chelsea looking tiered
get in 
get in chelsea !!!
lampard ends his drought , 1-0 chelsea .
abeg make arsenal fans no complain for chelsea penalty
penalty kick for chelsea oh !! 
what a penalty ! 1-0 chelsea !
i fu*king hate chelsea .
lampard takes it , west ham boy vs westham ......... goal ... lampard scores after 10 games 
he gets a lot of stick but i reckon mikel is massively important to this chelsea team .
lampard scores and chelsea take a lead
lampard thwacks it in . 1-0 chelsea .
super lamps ! 
ve qoooooool frank lampard 1-0 chelsea <3
that's what he's best at these days . 1-0 chelsea 
but chelsea 1-0
... and frank lampard scores the penalty . chelsea 1 west ham 0 . lol .
fuck off chelsea
if that's the only way chelsea can score😂
golo do chelsea , lampard !
penalty for chelsea . and lampard scores it . 1-0 chelsea . 
1 nil chelsea come on bayern
goooooallll for chelsea !!!!
chelsea 1-0 west ham
chelsea goal !!!
i hate chelsea
lampard gets his chance at redemption . penalty for chelsea . 
what a fucking prick . both arsenal and chelsea gifted goals . lucky
goal !! lampard scores . chelsea 1-0 whu -hb
lampard converts his penalty . west ham 0-1 chelsea .
goal for chelsea
it's official , chelsea is the luckiest team in the epl , world in fact
gave that away ! backed chelsea though .
lampard score and chelsea lead ..
penal para chelsea = gol de lampard ktbffh
30 ' superb volley by joe cole chelsea 1-1 west ham 
penalty for chelsea again ? ahn ahn
lampard !! 1-0 chelsea !!
1-0 chelsea ! lampard penalty 
oh dear , awful from guy demel . jussi left with no option . lamps loves scoring against west ham . 1-0 to chelsea , v . unlucky on the host .
gooool del chelsea , goool de lampart
how can that not a sending off ? 
go chelsea go
goal west ham 0-1 chelsea . lampard ( pen ) 20m 24
chelsea 1 - 0 west ham . penarity
watching westham play in a chelsea pub :(
chelsea 1-0 from the spot . lampard .
penalty for chelsea
goaaaal . chelsea leads 1-0 
that west ham vs . chelsea play was real life fifa 14 . just lob it up against a set defense and hope for the best .
lampard scores and chelsea lead
chelsea with the 1-0 lead !
chelsea 1 west ham united 0 .
theres a shock chelsea get a penalty 
goal . chelsea 1-0 west ham . lampard score . legend .
chelsea and penalties ...
goal : lampard bites the hand that used to feed him ( insert fat frank joke) . west ham 0-1 chelsea
lampard makes it 1-0 chelsea with pk
goal !: lampard on the penalty ! 1-0 for 
frank lampard scored for chelsea fc they are leading 1-0
goooaaaalllll ! lampard 0-1 chelsea .
lampard ! chelsea 1 - 0 west ham . great job boys .
penalty for chelsea
yeah chelsea . 1-0 lampard
a penalty awarded to chelsea ... 
lampard for chelsea
lampard en scored for chelsea <3
quite like the chelsea kit .
penalty ! could've been red , but who cares ! it's 1-0 chelsea ! 
really hate that guy . 1-0 chelsea , lampard penalty .
lampard scores . 1-0 to chelsea
lampard scores ........... chelsea leads
chelsea gooooooooal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal lampard goooooooooal
goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea lampard ( p ) 20 ' 
chelsea get mad lucky with opposition's defensive mistakes
fuck off chelsea .
goal de lampard !!!! eso es chelsea !!!
penalty chelsea
chelsea goallll !! by frank lampard ...
boom ! 1-0 chelsea ! 
yeeeeeaaaaaah lamps !!! 1-0 chelsea !
penalty to chelsea
goal ! chelsea have the lead at west ham as former hammer frank lampard thumps home from the penalty spot .
that is a shambles for west ham ! 1-0 chelsea - lampard penalty . 
but the chelsea are winning 1-0 so i'm currently happy
1-0 come on chelsea 
20 ' gooooollll lampard ! de penal . west ham 0-1 chelsea
and lamps scooorres 1-0 chelsea
do chelsea ever score good goals ? all there goals seem to be via mistakes or penalties ..
suck it westham fans . lampard 1-0 
go on chelsea
3-1 chelsea ... please :)
lampard makes it a 1-0 lead for chelsea .
goooaalll lampard 21 ' west ham 0 vs 1 chelsea
goal west ham united 0-1 * chelsea lampard ( pen 21 ' ) 
lampard scores . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea
that's it westham classic . keeper has to go
lampard strikes ... 1-0 chelsea !!!
20 ' goal ! west ham 0 - 1 chelsea lampard 20 ' ( pen ) 
lampard scored . chelsea lead !!!
lampard gollll , west ham 0-1 chelsea ...
goooaalll !!!! west ham 0-1 chelsea ( super lamps )
fuck off chelsea
gooolllll lampard ! :d 1-0 for chelsea
get in there lamps 😁😁😁❤️⚽️ 
gaaaaaaaaaaal gaaaaaaaaall gaaaaaaal !!!!!! lampard !!!!! come on chelsea !!!
fack fack fack west ham 0 chelsea 1
penalty to chelsea 
goaaaaaaaaaal !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! super frank scores his 207th chelsea goal and gives chelsea the lead !
gooooolll !!!! 21 ' frank lampard penalti . . . west ham 0-1 chelsea 
gol del chelsea ! lampard
lampard scores 1-0 to chelsea .
haha ! celebrate that west ham 0-1 chelsea
come on you blues 
chelsea penalty
why can't chelsea ever score a clean goal ? i'm tired of this team b
chelsea scored in a penalty😒😐😡👊
lampard scores against westham !!! love this
so strange to see chelsea not in blue
lampard ! chelsea 1 - 0 west ham united 
1-0 chelsea ! frank lampard 💙
superfrank !!!!!! lets go chelsea !!!!!!!!!! 
chelsea are so lucky , another goal given to them
i love these white chelsea uniforms , so nice ....
 west ham - chelsea
pelanty to thanks to the west ham goalie and lampard opens the scoring !!!!!!!!! 1 up
yes chelsea 
awful defending by west ham . handing chelsea the lead on a plate
gol del chelsea lampard min 21
lampard gives chelsea the lead at former club west ham from the penalty spot .
lampard anytime & chelsea to win @ 4/1 . come on chelsea :)
goal frank lampard ! 0-1 for chelsea , chelsea lead . 21 '
goalll chelsea !!!
lampard scores ! chelsea lead 1-0 ! 
gift for chelsea
goooool franki lampard ! eterno blueee ! chelsea 1 west ham 0
penalty chelsea
lampard scores it the stupid twat ... 1-0 chelsea .
penaltyyyyy 
penal ! y gol de lampard ... chelsea 1 west ham united 0
gooaall ! frank lamparddd ... 20 ' chelsea 1 - 0 west ham -sq .
chelsea with the goal too !
yeahhh ! goal for chelsea !!
so much bollocks !!! shitty westham !
lampard gives chelsea the lead !
20 ' penalty pour chelsea !
lampard ! 1-0 for chelsea
can teams stop giving chelsea penalties ? seems to go against the spirit of football .
lampard !!!! chelsea 1-0 westham
super frank lampard 1-0 chelsea
frank lampard makes it 1-0 for chelsea ! what a penalty . 
watching the chelsea game since i can't watch bayern
chelsea 1-0 [ lampard penalty ]
well now i know the guy next door is a chelsea fan 
goaaaaal !! chelsea 1-0 west ham
kmt 1-0 chelsea west ham were doing well too
lampard score !!!! west ham utd 0 - 1 chelsea
goooool de lampard !!! chelsea 1-0 west ham
20 ' west ham 0-1 chelsea ( lampard )
lampard goaaal . chelsea 1-0 west ham
goal ! lampardo 
goal ! lampard chelsea 1 west ham 0
frank lampard !!! west ham united 0-1 chelsea
frank lampard 
chelsea goalll !
goal lampard ! chelsea lead 1-0 
frankie lampard with the successful penalty .. what else is new 1-0 chelsea
let's go chelsea ! lampard goal 
chelsea always get lucky
lampard scores !!! chelsea 1 : 0 whu
half of these ' chelsea fans ' spent more time bitching about mata than supporting the team 
and chelsea leads .. lampard scores 1-0 ! 
penaaaaaaalti untuk chelsea dan goaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllllllll
come on chelsea ! come on chelsea ! come on chelsea ! ( with kahfi )
lampard completes the pk . chelsea 1-0
1.0 chelsea frank lampard
lamps scores !! chelsea have the lead .
lampard ! 0-1 chelsea from a penalty .
penalty ! chelsea are awarded a pk after a poor back poss to jasskelainen sees the finish ' keeper take down oscar 
out of nowhere but well take it - great finish from lamps 
shock chelsea penalty
love the chelsea players running to ref , put hands behind their backs , and plead for a red card !! 
nice chelsea penalty score
as ever , beautifully placed by lamps 
chelsea score
west ham 0-1 chelsea goal : lampard ( pen ) assist : oscar 
goal lampard he does it so easily & calm 1-0 chelsea
super frank ! 😍 go go chelsea !
frankie lamps !!!!!! get in there chelsea
my sister just went mental when chelsea just scored lol
what a penalty shot lampard . 
lampard ! ( penalty ) chelsea 1-0
come on chelsea !!!!!!!!
just giving chelsea chances
goaaal lampard ! 1-0 pour chelsea
chelsea and ofe goals . mtchhhewwww
watching west ham v chelsea i'm baffled why carlton cole don't start he's fit & raring to go , its not fair on the team to not have a striker
hope that chelsea lose ... some of the players there are useless .
frankie that was derby gift for chelsea thank you !!!!
penalty to chelsea ! 
last year , chelsea scored here first but conceded three in the second half .
wait . why am i tweeting about chelsea ??? ahahaa
come on chelsea !!! lets win this london derby
bad bad pass from west ham united . equals penalty in favor of chelsea . equals goal .
lampaaaaard !!!!!!!!!!! goal for chelsea !!! fantastic strike !!! 
fuck chelsea
lampard scored yo .... chelsea all the way !!
lampard's scoring streak against westham continues ... goooooallll !!!!
ag game ruined . chelsea has won . leta just end it . mxm
lampard with the pk !! 
lampard scores vs 1-0 chelsea . 20mins played
stupid fucking plays like that every fucking week by .... fuck .
premier . - gol de chelsea ( lampard penal) . west ham united 0 - chelsea 1 al 21 '
lampard scores . chelsea lead 1-0 . nice 
goaaalll lampard 1-0 chelsea
penalty to chelsea ?... this ref is not working as planned
penalty voor chelsea ! 
chelsea fucks , pussies jst
goal ! west ham united 0-1 chelsea 
frankie needed an easy one . 
can always count on ! ty sir ! 
same old refereeing chelsea getting bumped as usual
goal for chelsea ! :d
gol de de lampart 1 a 0 vs wha
golllll lampard chelsea 1-0 west ham . 
yes come on chelsea !
despise mourinho , really do . chelsea are absolute shit but they'll still tear us a new arsehole at the emirates next month .
buries it . super frankie lampard . 1 - 0 chelsea . 
booooom chelsea one nil lamps celebrates
derby gift for chelsea and lamps buries his penalty :(
lampard finds the back of the net on a penalty to put chelsea up 1-0 . go blues !
goal ! lampard scores ; chelsea gana 1-0 de visitante . 
chelsea 1-0 west ham
goal ! to chelsea after scoring a penalty and the former west ham player has scored @ upton park 
first goal for chelsea . frank lampard !!
1-0 chelsea .. shocking defending man
chelsea n penalties ! wth
chelsea are one up
chelsea get a pen and jose moans wanting a red . what a cunt
gooooool de lampard . west ham 0-1 chelsea . 
howler from west ham . 1-0 chelsea lampard
lampard score ... legend of chelsea ..
not liking myself for liking the chelsea away kit ...
chelsea gets so lucky with these horrible passes to the keeper .
penaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaal para chelsea <3
yeah , chelsea know to score .
lampard score the penalty and make chelsea lead the game !!!
lampard scores yet another goal against west ham . 1-0 chelsea ! 
chelsea penalty ?!
 : gooooll del chelsea , goool de lampard ( min . 21) . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea .
lampard ! finishing penalties like a boss 
chelsea 1-0 west ham lampard with a penalty 
goll lampard 21 ' west ham united 0 vs 1 chelsea fc at bein sport 1 
1-0 pour chelsea but de lampard sur penalty .
goal ! lampard scores against his former club through the spot " west ham o - 1 * chelsea [ 20 *]
gooooooooooaaaaaaaaaallllllllll !!!!!!!!!! chelseaaaaaaaaaa !!!!! lampard with the penalty !!!!! chelsea 1-0 west ham united !!!
and chelsea leads . lampard 
whu 0 - 1 chelsea lampard scored from a penalty 
lampard !! chelsea 1-0 west ham ..
golll lampard west ham 1-0 chelsea
1-0 to chelsea ! 206
lampard scored ... chelsea leading ... 1-0 .... penalty
west ham have gone full retard . no strikers vs chelsea .
idk wa eto's doing at chelsea ......... i really dnt
goal : lampard with a beautiful pk against weat ham , chelsea 1-0 west ham united
same old westham
lamps puts chelsea 1-0 up .
no one's going to ever save that kind of penalty . frank lampard , chelsea 1 .
goal !!! chelsea 1-0 west ham !!! lampard .
come on chelsea !!
reims losing 0-3 against psg and chelsea beating west ham . bring on the wine !
1-0 chelsea come on you blues 
super , super frank ! 
what happened to the old chelsea sia they are not playing as well as before
super frank lampard puts it in the net chelsea up 1- 0
goal !!! lampard ! west ham 0 - 1 
gooooaalll ... lampard scores , chelsea 1-0 westham 
frankie lampard ! 1-0 chelsea !
gozalooo .. lampard !! chelsea 1-0 west ham united 
lampard goal !! whu 0 - 1 chelsea - 21 mins
goal chelsea . lampard drives it down the middle and roars his delight as he nets again against his former club 
get in chelsea
lampard scores wohoooooo , come on chelsea !!!! 
the commentators so don't want chelsea to win ahah
i liked mourinho when he was first at chelsea , now i just think he's a massive wanker
what a good penalty by frank lampard ! chelsea 1-0 west ham
lampard !!!!! 1-0 chelsea !
goal ! 1-0 whufc [ lampard pen ] 
finally chelsea scores
frank the tank ! frank the tank ! chelsea 1-0 whu
goal ! west ham united 0-1 chelsea . lampard smashes home from the penalty spot .
21st minute for the first goal in the west ham v chelsea match , anybody have it ? 
lampard 1-0 chelsea
gol de frank lampard de penalty . west ham 0-1 chelsea .
goal lampard ! 21 ' chelsea up 1-0
laaaampaaaaaard against the hammers . 
get in chelsea ! whooo
right , chelsea keep it this way and i'll survive tomorrow thanks
west ham 0-1 chelsea . lampard from the penalty spot .
chelsea do not deserve that at all
what a penalty frankie ! 
chelsea get sooooo fucking lucky ! can't really say nothing good about chelsea part from there a joke of a club !
penalty to chelsea --- »lampard rockets it 1-0 
there was no card at all for the west ham keeper ? oh .. oh well , chelsea score my bets looking more positive
wtf !!! early penalty to chelsea !!!
chelsea score another penalty
hst , dem fool fool defending yah ! ... chelsea nah do ntn ino
chelsea scored . ok fine . hmm . majok !
lampard with an absolute rip from the penalty spot ! 1-nil chelsea
come on 1x0 frank lampard
eeee frank celebrating against westham
chelsea take the lead !!!
pega gol do chelsea !
1st penalty of the match . chelsea on fire 
lampard scores ( penalty ) west ham 0 - 1 chelsea 
woah , turn on the chelsea match and lampard blazes a penalty into the back of the net ! what the hell ?
lampard ends 10-game goal drought with a pk against his former club . 1-0 chelsea at west ham in the 20th minute .
chelsea don't deserve to be winning
chelsea to win 2-1 , oscar fgs ! 40/1 , here's hoping🙌
opponent's back passes have been the best assist for chelsea recently .
 chelsea scores !!! good bullet
yes , fuckin ' get in ! super frank . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea .
lampard score . 20 ' - west ham 0 - 1 chelsea
has to be a red ref . good pen , think it's lampards first touch . come on chelsea !
come on chelsea !
goooaaalll chelsea fc !!! thx to frank lampard !!! ( 0-1 ) 
every goal he scores he breaks his own record and makes history for chelsea
get in chelsea !!!
goal lampard scores for chelsea
penalty chelsea - goal ( sorry chris )
1-0 chelsea up thank you super frank !
frank lampard does what he does best ... and that is smash home penalties . 1-0 . 
chelsea always lucky
 !!!! n i'm rocking the jersey today !!!
double l ... lampard legend .. yess .. goaall chelsea 1 .. wes ham 0
and frank lampard makes it 1-0 for chelsea !! 206
1-0 chelsea lampard frm the spot
i love chelsea's away kit . also , because oscar won the penalty does he get the assist !? 
goooolll frank lampard ( pg ) 21 ' west ham 0-1 chelsea
west ham just fucked themselves ... 1-0 chelsea
chelsea takes the lead 1-0 lampard
1-0 chelsea super frank lampard 
west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea . lampard 
chelsea's team are so good looking😍
chelsea can fuck off
i can not believe chelsea or danielle didn't get most talkative . i demand a recount
in frank we trust . 
lovely penalty ! 1-0 chelsea ! 
well poo . another pk for chelsea , is that the onlyo way they know how to win ?
fat frank bravoo ... comon chelsea comon chelsea
lampard finally scores ... chelsea 1 - 0 westham
what a beauty from lampard to put chelsea up 1-0 !
chelsea should stop crossing the ball , nobody will be there to nod . or did they forget that drogba is in turkey ? 
you chelsea fans can complain see ... lampard one of the most consistent pk takers in the world
20 ' whu 0-1 chelsea 
up the chelsea👏😜😏⚽️ !
gol do chelsea .
lampard scores from the spot & chelsea leads . 
i'm collecting my £145 if chelsea wins tenk you
 surrounding ref looking to get player sent off , mourinho onto the 4th official-pure class
frank the tank ! 1-0 to chelsea . 
lampard in front of the pikeys . brilliant . come on chelsea . 💙
goal ! lampard !!!! 0-1 chelsea . 21 '
goool chelsea !!
frank lampard 1-0 chelsea
bbc sport chart shows chelsea dominating possession tell me more tell me more
i love scoring against west ham that little bit more when it's lamps !!! 
c'mon 
gooooaaallll lampard ( pen ) !!!!! chelsea 1-0 whu hahahahaha sang mantan
frank lampard !!!!!!! 1-0 chelsea !!
gooooaaaallllllll from chelsea !! 1-0 goal from frank lampard
minuto 20 penalty y gol de chelsea 1 - 0 west ham
ggggoooooaaaallll ! frank lampard scores against him former club again ! bam , what a penalty ! chelsea 1-0 west ham . 
sat in a pub full of chelsea fans watching west ham vs chelsea may have been a mistake
chelsea 1-0 with a lamps penalty ! get in !
chelsea goalll
gooooaaaaalllll ! west ham 0-1 chelsea . lampaaaaaaaaaaarddd !
lampard is a legend ! 
super frank lampard ! chelsea take the 1-0 lead !
what da hell .. chelsea jahat
what a penalty from lampard , silly penalty to give away westham
gooooal !!! chelsea !!!
 : 1 . arsenal 28pts 2 . liverpool 24pts 3 . southampton 22pts 4 . chelsea 21pts 5 . everton 21pts . 
i called it before it happened , chelsea to get a luck goal , fuck sake man
just shocking defending gifting chelsea this lead . poor .
goal ..!!! lampard .!!! penalty west ham 0-1 chelsea
chelsea match strttt nwww jesus ughhhhh
fuck chelsea😝
goal : a dismal backpass forces jussi jääskeläinen to haul down oscar and lampard thumps the penalty home against his old club ! 1-0 chelsea !
& chelsea scores after i tweet that
goal super frank loves playing against whu penalty 1-0 chelsea 
lampard , a goal ( pen) ... 1 chelsea 0 west ham ...
frank lampard scores .. chelsea 1- west ham 0 .. lampard and cech r the most regular in chelsea colours for past 10 years
quality penalty !! 
i know lampard to come forward ... as usual west ham 0-1 chelsea
and it's west ham 0-1 chelsea all thanks τ̅☺ lampard
typical chelsea can't win without the refs help
they didnt deserve that fuck chelsea some shit team
credit to lampard but still c'mon 
come on chelsea ! 
oh why westham ? whyyy ?
yeah chelsea !!
fucks sake . such a careless mistake . lampard from the spot . 0-1 chelsea
c'mon !! you gotta work harder for your ham dinner !!
lampard !!! 
chelsea shit
chelsea of course :)
lampard give chelsea the lead
never in doubt ! lampard sends the keeper the wrong way . 1-0 chelsea !
get in their frank , care free .... why no red or at least a yellow card ?
21 ' goal ! lampard scores from the spot ! west ham 0-1 chelsea 
lampard ! i've lost count of how many goals he's scored for chelsea , seriously . is it 207 or 208 ?
boom chelsea oscar score from the penalty spot after a challenge from the goalkeeper
chelsea one nil up . don't fuck this up
come on chelsea !!
west ham keeper clearly got chelsea on his coupon 
gooooolll !!!! 21 ' frank lampard penalti . . . west ham 0-1 chelsea ..
west ham 0-1 chelsea . lampard penalty .
west ham v chelsea ?? bore off ! all about dortmund v bayern 
1 but pour chelsea !
miranda act like she a chelsea fan 😏
yessssssss get in lampard great pen like always 
lampard benut penalty 1-0 voor chelsea 
lampard !!!! 1-0 chelsea fc
an chelsea lead with a penalty …
21 ' penalty to chelsea - demel's poor back pass fell to oscar , and jaaskelainen fouls him in the box .
gift to chelsea !! horrible defending !!
goooolllllll !!! super frank !!! 1-0 
goal !!!! lampard scored !!! chelsea 1-0 west ham
20 min goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea ( lampard , penalty )
i was about to wonder where the chelsea fans at .
it's chelsea , ...
yeahhh chelsea !!! :d
lamps !!! 1 nil for chelsea
yes penalty for chelsea come avert oscar but lampard takes it gooooooaaallllll !!! for chelsea
penalty to chelsea -______-
lampard is the man , always been my favorite chelsea player
( not even a chelsea supporter but lamps is awesome , k ? )
oh surprise , chelsea player falls in box , and they get a penalty . cheats do prosper in the premiership .
come on chelsea !!!
20 ' - goal ! west ham 0 1 ( lampard pen . ) 
penalty to chelsea ... lampard to take : and boom .... bullet in d net 0-1 chelsea leads !!!!!
20 ' min , penalty for chelsea :d 
lamp are scores his pen he chose power and against his old club west ham 0-1 chelsea 
whu 0:1 chelsea . lampard ( p ) 
c'mon chelsea !
goal ! lampard penalty . chelsea leading west ham 1-0
typical westham
chelsea you cunts
lamps baby team chelsea
lamps scores the penalty and chelsea lead 1-0 . 
da fuq was demel thinking ? 1-0 chelsea
and lampard scores ! west ham 0 - 1 chelsea . 
zuuuuuuuuuperfrank ! 1-0 chelsea lead
gooooool del chelsea 
20'lampard scored frm penal ty chelsea 1-0 west ham . hit like for nxt update . < fk >
lucky chelsea
super frankie 1-0 chelsea leads !
goal ! super frank scored from the spot against his former club , 1-0 to chelsea ! 
lampard goal chelsea 1 - 0 west ham 
' 20 goal frank lampard . chelsea 1-0 westham 
chelsea takes the lead 1-0 on a pk by lampard 21 '
* dancing naked * chelsea fc till i die
i hate chelsea
west ham -chelsea 0-1 lampard
yes !! chelsea 1 - 0 west ham ! super frankie ! super penalty !
goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea frank lampard ( p ) 21 ' 
1-0 to the chelsea ! get in there frank !
of corse goal , no mistake lampard take 0-1 chelsea lead 
1-0 chelsea . frank lampard smashes in the penalty . assist goes to oscar . demel with a poor mistake . 
get in there lamps ! 
lol that was stupid by west ham they gifted that goal to chelsea
chelsea seem to get a penalty every game !!
chelsea 1-0 west ham
this westham defender is a big fool ... no brain in his head
teams always make mistakes against chelsea
chelsea is winning , lemme act like i love y'all yayyyy . :(
arsenal and now chelsea gifted goals by stupidity today :/
 : penalty to chelsea ... goal !!! lampard scores the spot kick his second epl this season .
anyone watching west ham v chelsea over dortmund v bayern should seek medical help !
chelsea 1 west ham 0 , what a cracker by lampard
bet my unborn son on lampard with the spot kick . mr chelsea !
lampard scores the pen west ham 0-1 chelsea
lampard take it and 1 - 0 for chelsea
super lampard ! we are chelsea !
gooooal !! lampard from the penalty , west ham 0-1 chelsea 21 min
gaaaaaaaaaaaallllllll ... go blues !!!!
get in chelsea !
lampard score ! gollll ! west ham 0-1 chelsea
ojoro chelsea .. always with controversial penalty
bad enough playing chelsea without mistakes like that .
swear chelsea get a pen every week
i hate chelsea !!!
uncle lampard with a sweeeeet penalty . west ham 0-1 chelsea 
goal !!!! lampard ! whu 0 - 1 chelsea 
chelsea baby !
nice ! come on chelsea !!
i need a chelsea jersey for christmas
arsenal and chelsea getting wins handed to them by their opponents .
dreadful defending and it's a penalty , but there is no need for oscar and eto to try to get the red to show red . typical chelsea mentality .
can't even listen to marry me without thinking of chelsea's version😂
frank lampardd !! 1 0 :) 
why are westham defenders this stupid . concede a stupid peno under no pressure whatsoever . smh !! 1-0 chelsea .
couldn't care less about the chelsea score .
same old chelsea , trying to get jaaskelainen sent off !
dat westham defender eh ... smh !
lampard scores 1-0 for chelsea
super frank slots the penalty against his old team !! 1-0 chelsea in the derby 
cantalo chelsea gggooll lampard grande !!
thanks for the pk and super frank with the hammer into the net ! 
get in super frank 1nil chelsea . ⚽
i think i could be the striker westham needs🙋
lampard converts the penalty ... 1-0 to chelsea ...
fuck off chelsea scum ! !
goal ! lampard slots it in easily from the spot . west ham 0-1 chelsea .
chelsea take the lead . yeahh .
my dad is as much use as a chocolate teapot when chelsea are playing
lampard ! goal 1-0 chelsea leading
lampard !!!!!! 0-1 for chelsea
red card i'd say gan on chelsea .
lampard !!!!! 
fuck . 1-0 to chelsea . lampard scores from the spot
goal ! west ham united 0-1 chelsea ( frank lampard , 21 ' pen . ) 
get in frank , chelsea 1 feeder club 0 . i bet that went down well
yes chelsea ! super frank💙💙
1-0 chelsea , very undeserved lead , gotta step it up , this is the kind game where we need mata on not lampard smh
gol del chelsea , de penal anota lampard . west ham 0-1 .
well chelsea is up 1-0 now 👏👌
goal ! west ham united 0-1 chelsea ( frank lampard , 21 ' pen . ) 
lampard scores a penalty after oscar was fouled . chelsea 1-0 
lampard scores the penalty , chelsea fc now lead west ham united 1-0 in the 20th minute
i hear another defensive cock up from chelsea's opponents . bleh
frank lampard surely knows how to score against westham
goal west ham 0-1 chelsea ( 21 mins) . frank lampard scores from the spot after jussi jaaskelainen brings down oscar 
goal super frank !! west ham 0 vs 1 ( lampard 20 ' ) chelsea fc · barclays premier league · keep the blue flag flying high !!
gooooooooool lampard !! 'goblues west ham 0-1 chelsea
penalty !! and it's 1-0 chelsea !!!! frank lampard !!!! 
sorry followers , i do love chelsea so .
arsenal won and now chelsea winning thank you joe allen ! 
20 ': 1-0 to chelsea on a penalty by lampard . can never tell whether lampard goals against west ham are in bad taste , but ... 
goal ! west ham united 0-1 chelsea ( frank lampard , 21 ' pen . ) 
west ham have been so much better than chelsea so far , bad goal to concede under no pressure what so ever
chelsea vs west ham 1-0 lampard score
lampard goaalll 👊 
haha .... penalty !!!.... lamps steps up ...... boom !!!!..... 1:0 .... chelsea chelsea chelsea
gol bagi chelsea 0-1 chelsea memimpin #20 
chelsea 1 - 0 west ham united
c'mon chelsea 
chelsea my love , make mama proud !!!!
what a pen from lampard 1-0 chelsea !
frank lampard scores a penalty for chelsea !!!
chelsea on the lead !
frank lampard scores a pk leading chelsea 1-0 against west ham united
that was definitely a penalty . awful back pass . great take by lampard against his former club . 1-0 chelsea 21 ' 
goal ! lampard scores the penalty ! 1-0 let's go chelsea ! 
we gotta win ooo penalty
great awareness form oscar . should have been a yellow . need to push on now . come on chelsea !
lampard scores against westham yet again
sloppy play from west ham . lampard scores from the spot and chelsea is up . sorry mom !! 🇬🇧
goal , captain frank ! 1-0 for chelsea .
supporting chelsea rn :d
come on westham !!
lampard's penalty kick was good man .. but no i dont want chelsea to win ?
damn it , chelsea .
that was a gift given to chelsea . awful defending from westham there to concede the penalty . 
beautiful penalty shot by frank lampard ! . 1-0
stuffy bloody chelsea stupid goalie error mcfc forever blue
yes chelsea score
get in there lampard !!!! come on chelsea !!!!
lets get this win chelsea ! 1-0 
goal west ham 0-1 chelsea lampard scores the penalty in the late premier league game ( tb ) 
lampard scores for chelsea . west ham 0-1 chelsea
1-0 chelsea , awesome
swear chelsea get penalties every game
and lampard scores a penalty for chelsea 
' gooooollll lampard ! de penal . west ham 0-1 chelsea .
goooal !!!! as lampard scores a penalty 4 chelsea in d 20th minute
oh , that depends on the chelsea match , though ...
errors . errors and errors everywhere . lampard puts chelsea up from the spot in upton park
gol de chelsea . gol de lampard 😍
missing chelsea cause i gotta get myself glammed up
get in chelsea
fucking conspiracy against chelsea football club at sussex uni
super frank does it again . come on chelsea .
missing chelsea game 
chelsea a kill dem dwg
frank lampard !!! 0-1 chelsea ! 
lampard makes it 1-0 to chelsea !! 
how many penalties do chelsea get ?
come on chelsea
chelsea vs . west ham come on chelsea 1-0
the blues 
goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea : frank lampard scores from the spot for his fourth goal in five games against his former side
gift for chelsea , demel and jussi are dumb and fucking dumber !
westham conceded a stupid penalty . goal for chelsea . predictable .
penalty ! yes , super frank take it and boom ! 1-0 for chelsea
what's that ? an early goal ? for chelsea ? what is this madness ?! come on lads . get at them and build on it .
for all those boooos .... lamps has scored against his old club ... come on !!! whoooo chelsea 1-0 up ! 
mourinho is killing chelsea
yes ! 0-1 chelsea after lamps puts home a penalty . come on lads !
super frank woop woop always count in that one 👍⚽️
gol del chelsea . lampard <3
gooool lampard !!!!!!! westham 0-1 chelsea
what minute's chelsea game in ?
yes chelsea i like !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
does anyone here on [ xbox 360 ] own a full team on ut for instance " chelsea " " man u " " barc " ..... ?
why are chelsea such jammy gits
lampaaaaaaaard . easy penalty . chelsea lead 1-0 . 
 gets a penalty for and converts it . 1-0 .
goaalllll !! super frank ohhseemmm !! 
gooooooooool del chelsea !!! goooooool de lampard !!! ( 22 ' ) 0-1 ( j12 )
awwww aaron just sent me a video of him and his little brother saying " hello chelsea " and it was more like ' welsie ' awwww🙊🙈
oh yeah ... 1 - 0 
yay !!! chelsea !!!
first chelsea attack on 4 mins - oscar with a good ball out to hazard who wins a corner . west ham clear it . 
goooooooooooooal lampard ! 1-0 pour chelsea
lampard , legend of england and chelsea
good luck westham :)
demel is piss poor and lampard fucking celebrating we made you at westham you prick
if chelsea drop points tonight , my night's fully made .
chelsea 1 - 0 west ham ! keeptheblueflagflyinghigh !! chelsea3 !!
chelsea we rock like olumo tho
after a reckless challenge from west ham goal keeper chelsea were awarded a penalty and lampard scored ..!!! west ham 0-1 chelsea
chelsea earn a pen . goalie brings down oscar . shocking defending . lampard smashes it too corner . 0-1 
chelsea get another gift
knowing chelsea we will lose know or trail
chelsea vs west ham united live .... legend is there , thx super franckie
my name isn't lilith okay it's just a pretty chelsea grin song
frank lampard makes it 1-0 to chelsea ! 
as usual chelsea get lucky😒
that was the most blatant penalty in the world 😂😂😂😂 shocking defending 🙈🙈🙈 ⚽️⚽️⚽️
chelsea 1-0 over west ham lets go chelsea
fuck off chelsea . cunts .
20 ' chelsea 1 - 0 westham united frank lampard scores !! ( pen )
well it wouldn't be a west ham/chelsea match without lampard scoring . why can't he just fucking retire already ?
frank lampard once again ...... penner 1-0 chelsea
fuck chelsea score
watching chelsea's game
chelsea just got a penalty nd lampard shoots it right into the net
super frank goal chelsea 1-0 west ham
chelsea take a 1-0 lead . frank lampard scores on a brilliant penalty .
no pressure at all for lampard to actually make a goal against his old club . chelsea is in the lead by 1-0 . 
there should have been a red card for westham goalkeeper .
gooooal !!! frak lampard !!!! yeah 
penalty giving to chelsea $ score by lampard ... it west ham 0-1 chelsea ."
let's fucking go , blue ! # 
i'm not against celebrating against your old club but some chelsea fans are so fickle .
goal ! lampard scores against his old club ! chelsea 1 west ham 0 hit like for next update :)
can we finish the chelsea game say we win and now watch doctor who
21 ', west ham 0-1 chelsea . lampard score from the penalty spot ! 
tomkins is guilty , demel didn't make it any easy for . good penalty by frank . chelsea up by a goal ! 
what is it with chelsea and stupid goalies this season lol
goal !!! lampard slams in the penalty . west ham 0-1 chelsea
chelsea's off and running perfect keep it up 
goal : west ham 0-1 chelsea frank lampard penalty , after a jussi jasskelinen foul on oscar 
i'm feeling a 4-0 win for chelsea
typical chelsea scum ..... players and manager begging for a card 
goal ! frank lamps ! from penalty . west ham 0-1 chelsea .
gol !!! lampard 20 ' westham 0-1 chelsea 
super fraaaaannnnkkkk goal west ham 0-1 chelsea fc
west ham hand chelsea a early xmas gift 92
chelsea with the goal !!
lampard ! goooaaalll ! 
the only positive is that ravel will take lampard's place in the 2014 wc squad . to be fair he'll probably take his place in the chelsea
chelsea doing it baby !!! westham 0-1 chelsea
no longer chelsea by association
bouta watch dis chelsea game at least .....
super frank . 1-0 chelsea
a chelsea player cheating ? how unusual ...
super frank lampard . whu 0-1 chelsea fc .
they haf started again ooo ... chelsea
goal for chelsea ! penalty ! frank lampard ~
i put the chelsea game on the second west sham gift them a penalty . dozy twats .
chelsea clean sheet please
chelsea ... penalty .. lampard . 
good play for chelsea !!
get in !! 1-0 chelsea lampard pen . great start to rolling acca bet 3 . 
another goalkeeper/defender against chelsea . something isn't right . joke
lampard score from penalty kick . chelsea 1-0 westham 
wow chelsea are soo lucky
and that wasn't a dive .. to all you chelsea haters .
lol chelsea fans smh
west ham 0-1 chelsea - 20 ' lampard
take a bow o'neill''s merchant city glasgow , chelsea score not a peep ! hh
alright chelsea 0-1 up . 
get in chelsea what a great strike by lampard
gooll lampard west ham 0-1 chelsea 
chelsea always gets lucky penalties
 gol de los blues . lo hizo lampard a los 21 '. west ham 0-1 chelsea .
more goals in west ham chelsea than bayern bvb . makes you think .
super frankie lampard . west ham 0 vs chelsea 1 . yes !!
hate lampard prik hate westham aswel hate this match chelsea westham boring lol
chelsea just getting their gamely penalty and there still complaining 
chelsea getting a lucky goal
gool frankie , come on chelsea .
goal 20 ' penalty by lampard8 , whu 0-1 chelsea
lampard ripped the net from the penalty spot and give chelsea a 1-0 lead . 
i hope cardiff give away a cheap goal like what arsenal and chelsea get today
lampard !!!!!! you can count on him to score if there's a penalty vs 
and chelsea lead at west ham ... come on boys !!!!! lampard u fucken legend !
chelsea have been shit and we gift them a goal . looking very much like a championship team . no goal threat whatsoever and 1-0 down
a chelsea player falling over in the penalty area that hasn't happened much this season
everyone is watching bvb vs fcb and i am here watching chelsea's match :')
west ham 0-1 chelsea : oscar flung up in the air by jaaskelainen . clear pen . but no card . lampard steps up - fires home with obvious delight .
chelsea are so jammy :/
surely that's an easy header home for a sunday league defender ? 
the west ham chelsea game is making me fall asleep .
yes chelsea💜💙💚
chelsea 1 up . soft penalty from poor defending .
there we go lampard ! 
 !!!!! and i'm rocking the #8 jersey
goall ! chelsea
gol de frank lampard , let's go blues ♥
goal chelsea
and fucking chelsea take the lead brilliant
lampard kissing chelsea's shield . what a worm .
let's keep this lead now chelsea typical frank scores again
frank lampard 1-0 westham
now dats how its done 
chelsea lead a game there .. yahoo ...
( premier league ) gol ! de chelsea frank lampard de penal minuto 21 0 1
goaalllllll !!!!!! chelsea 1-0 west ham 
and chelsea lead~ 
he scores against westham wen he wants
cheese popcorn and chelsea soccer .
never a doubt lamps would bag that . after wba , if you'd told me foy would award chelsea a penalty today i'd have laughed in your face .
1-0 superfrank go go chelsea
come on chelsea !!!
how do chelsea get this luck
chelsea 1 .. lets punish west hum
goaaaaaal chelsea !
jesus west ham , what kind of defending is that ? gifting chelsea a penalty
was gonna watch west ham v chelsea , but mick mccarthy is commentating on it
i hope mata leaves chelsea plz plz ... but must move outo the prem ...
 1-0 
yeahh gooaall !! chelsea ..
same old chelsea
can't believe that just happened . they were playing so much better than chelsea !!!
but de chelsea lampard !
ozil and cazorla better than all chelsea midfielders
west ham united 0-1 chelsea
update : 22 ' west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea .
west ham united 0-1 chelsea , lampard !
if you want to score on a pk , call upon the right foot of frank lampard . 
fucking intae it chelsea ! 💙
21 min lampard scores penalty 0-1 chelsea lead .
 | goooooool de chelsea !!!! lampard de penal a los 20 '. west ham 0-1 chelsea .
it was soft penalty .. goalkeeper should have done better vs 
chelsea 1-0 west ham ( lampard ) 
lampard ..!! you are legend !! come on chelsea !!
west ham 0-1 chelsea . lampard score .
get in chelsea , bit lucky !! 
mehn am a chelsea fan i dint evn knw thy r playing today sef !! lool *
i hate watching games involving west ham , chelsea & arsenal . never know who i want to lose most . suppose i want w . ham to win 
they boo lampard , he celebrates his goal ! what goes around comes around ! :-) west ham . united 0-1 chelsea .
west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea , 20'lampard ( pk )
one oh chelsea
i'm so fucking tired of these easy penalties for chelsea
goooooooooaaaaaaaal lampard scores . chelsea 1 west ham 0
i know chelsea will lose
fuck off chelsea
thumping penalty from lampard and chelsea take the lead .
chelsea vs . west ham game
chelsea 1 up .
well . no debate that time , definite penalty to chelsea .
chelsea pussios always get lucky
chelsea score thru ' a penalty well taken by lampard
whatta early christmas gift from whu to chelsea ... reckless defending
gooool lampard !!!!!!! westham 0-1 chelsea "
we are chelsea !!!
frank lampard scores from the penalty spot ! 
silly errors again 
when my dad makes me watch the chelsea game it's pure torture 😶
chelsea scores .
frank lampard ! come on chelsea ! 1-0 .
 gol de lampard
psg won now chelsea pls
last time chelsea went 1-0 up then ended up losing 3-1 . still hope ...
chelsea gifted a penalty 
i like that my dad and brother are big chelsea fans & have season tickets bc it means they're always at football & i get the house to myself
fuck off chelsea . just in case i forget .
boom kinda of called it . 
0-1 chelsea hell yeah go go go chelsea score atleast 3 with a cleansheet !!
 ends his draught with chelsea with his brilliant !!
great pen by 
yeahh !! lampard pmain veteran
goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea - lampard smashes home the penalty to give chelsea the lead ! 22 '
lamps ! scores beautifully that penalty kick ! wh 0-1- chelsea
chelsea given another stupid pen 👎
hahaha yes come on chelsea ! 
booom chelsea score f yes !
 : goal !!! west ham 0-1 chelsea ( 21 mins) . frank lampard scores from the spot after jussi jaaskelainen brings down oscar .
come on west ham , do you nice rivals a favour and beat chelsea 
frank lampard !!!!!! 1-0 chelsea fc .
west ham 0-1 chelsea . goal lampard . 
yes chelsea ! lampard ! 1-0
go go go chelsea
come on chelsea
west ham 0 - 1 chelsea : lampard assist oscar 
dimenit ke 50 ! lampard !! go chelsea .....
goal west ham 0-1 chelsea , lampard , pen . 
another great penalty by lampard . fantastic . west ham united 0-1 chelsea .. 21mins ! 
can't imagine a chelsea team without lampard 
chelsea scored . i bet some people will call that a dive
the fact my dads a west ham can and i'm sat here cheering on chelsea isn't going down well
accidentally spilled boiling water on my skin while making tea for my dad . ( i blame chelsea )
not even watching the chelsea match ffs
it's a give away goal but we'll take it . let's go chelsea !
dads so pissed off because chelsea are shitting on westham ffs😅
chelsea takes the lead ! 1-0
piss off chelsea
come now chelsea , give us another one ... 
but de chelsea
i literally can not stand chelsea
great peno by lampard , c'mon chelsea 
frank lampard 
cfc 1 westham 0 . lampard scored frm the spot
gol west ham 0 chelsea 1 .. lampard 21
fuck went for btts and chelsea win instead of lampard anytime chelsea win at 4-1 grr
chelsea stays scoring goals on other teams mistakes . i'm not complaining though .
 west ham - chelsea
i swear all chelsea needs is lukaku la
goal !!!! 
chelsea !!!! >>>>>>>>
gooaall !!! lampard 1-0 west ham .
and i dont like chelsea too . too bad .
my dad switched to the chelsea match on the tv im screaming
chelsea got this 🙌
yayy chelsea leading
goooaaal ! chelsea leads 1-0 , frank lampard ! 
come on chelsea !!!!!!
and there's super frankie lampard ... chelsea 1-0 west ham
i laugh at those that r watching west ham v chelsea instead of bvb and bayern 
what the hell are you doing 
alhamdulillah goolll lampard !! come on chelsea !!
fuck off chelsea
get in there chelsea !!! i said lamps to score first :d 
fuck off chelsea .
started so much better than these chelsea fuck boys aswell ... then demel goes and makes an amateur mistake
penalty to chelsea .
goaaaaaaal goaaaal chelsea
well hope the nerves are settled now ... come on . let's get some sexy play on 
chelsea 1-0 
surprise surprise chelsea score another penalty ... 
great . couldn't chelsea not score without having a penalty ? i can't with this team .
get in !!!!! chelsea on for £220 
oscar is so far above hazard it's not even funny , best player chelsea have no question .
come on chelsea ⚽️
it's super frank 
i still don't know how mikel gets in the chelsea team .
so chelsea's scored one . they'll relax like they're 3 goals up until they concede 2 or 3 times . then they'll play like they're in a final .
chelsea for the win !! :)
what a excellent penalty 
chelsea leading 1-0 west hame
as soon as i switch to the bayern game chelsea go and score
there is only one super frank ! that should shut up the hammers ;)
west ham fans were booing lamps all game , so glad he scored :) 
penalty for chelsea as west ham keeper fouled oscar . and lampard tucks it in at the top corner . west ham 0 vs 1 chelsea 21mins played !!.
lampard gives chelsea the 1-0 lead over west ham 
you know i'm only watching chelsea/west ham because i hope this is the day i get to see sam allardyce's inevitable major coronary .
20 ': 0-1 to chelsea on a penalty by lampard . can never tell whether lampard goals against west ham are in bad taste , but ... 
very poor from westham
20 ' west 0 chelsea 1 
if chelsea dont win today and man u does , man u will be in third ...... wow .
 come on chelsea . lampard 0-1 pen
do not mind chelsea winning today as a four point lead is healthy enough .
west ham 0 - 1 chelsea fc . lampard goal . 
cbb chelsea cunts really not in mood for this shit play .
frank lampard . 1-0 to chelsea
the only reason lampard has score over two hundred goals is because chelsea have had hundreds of penalties
chelsea musn't win oooo ..... loool
lampard nails the pk !! 1-0 chelsea 
the chelsea legend scores against his former club
chelsea's uniform >>>>>
i just want to know how many goals lampard has against westham . must be so many
chelsea 1-0 . bit of a scrappy game . 
penalti clarisimo a oscar de jaskelainen y gol de lampard ! west ham 0-1 chelsea ! 
gooo chelsea !!!!!
chelsea 1-0 west ham lampard with a penalty
had to be lampard to ' hammer ' chelsea in front against his former club .
chelsea awarded a penalty because james collins is ginger
this match is already ten times more interesting than chelsea vs west ham .
get in chelsea🙏
westham united 0 - 1 chelsea ' 21 lampard
chelsea for lief
time to get back to the winning circle boys ! chelsea ...
penalty to chelsea . lampard scores . in other news it's raining outside !
lampard gives chelsea the lead
chelsea cheats
goooooooooal what a beauty from the spot from lampard comon chelsea . west ham 0-1 chelsea
super frank lampard c'mon chelsea !!!
yet another penalty to chelsea . fast becomin the new man utd .
frank lampard scores against his former club from the spot .... westham 0- chelsea 1
super frank !!! 1-0 to chelsea !
ggggoooolll ! lampard penalty west ham 0-1 chelsea 
chelsea squad does not interest me , i love the club , but no love for the over-rated players that we have 
i always trust thats lampard is gona make us proud .... go chelsea go
" penalty for chelsea "
why has the goalkeeper not been sent off or booked when a defender would have been ? west ham v chelsea
lampard !!! no nonsense goal . up chelsea !!! 
c'mon chelsea !
go chelsea whoohoo 
yes chelsea lads
chelsea tossers
i hate it that chelsea always need penalty a score
that shoulda been a yellow card tho 
that's is westham . play a good game so far then just give a penalty away ...
very comical defending by westham . will be insult to lads in school to call it school boy error
ha ! looks like the west ham boys have chelsea on their coupon tonight !!
i hope chelsea smash them now . cracking pen lamps absolute disgrace playing with no strikers nobody wants to see 4-6-0
fresh meat , made in chelsea , gogglebox and sweat the small stuff .. too much tv to catch up on
its good to know that the 2 chelsea goals were penalties .
ahhh i'm missing the chelsea match
super franck !! 1-0 yes
lampard !!! west harm 0 - 1 chelsea
no way did chelsea get a pen i don't believe it
it seems like chelsea never create goals they just get lucky from mistakes ffs
when have spurs ever played a team who have such a bad defensive error .... arsenal and chelsea both got one today
lampard is a boss 
lampard makes it 1-0 for chelsea . super frankie lampard !
come on chelsea !!! 
penalty for chelsea
 west ham vs chelsea
goal . west ham 0-1 chelsea . frank lampard scores from the penalty spot after oscar fouled .
judas !! lampard converts against his former club !! 1-0 chelsea 
two more of those lampard shots and the net might need stitches . 
west ham will win chelsea because of mourinho attitude to players
lol westham fans are such haters !
gooal !!.. and the drought is over . lampard scores against his former club ... 1-0 chelsea
no card ? not even a yellow ? that is ridiculous . chelsea on the wrong side of another poor decision !
shocking defending by demel , penno to chelsea , scored by lampard . 
chelsea leads 1-0 by penalty .
bored , watching chelsea is boring , prefer fifa , but that just freezes , cod is crap , gta is boring . nothing to do
 goal !!!! lamparrrd 1-0 vs westham !!!
chelsea 1-0 west ham united
now west ham 0-1 chelsea .. chelsea is very weak in attacking
westham fans screwing as if they'd win playing without a striker
when its west ham it has to be from lampard . oh yes chelsea 1 up in the derby . 
mourinho quietly and rightly questioning the fourth official as to why the west ham keeper didn't get a straight red for that . 1-0 chelsea .
chelsea fans singing the willian song . class ! 
chelsea and arsenal cant win without getting dodgy penalties the jammy cunts 
frank lampard's penalty kick's speed is as ferocious jose's speech ... 
what is that shit kit that chelsea are wearing , looks like something from the 70's you'd get for free if you'd bought a cortina estate
i'm forever blowing bubbles , pretty bubbles in the air , they fly so high they reach the sky and like west ham they fade and die 
well done brighton for beating chelsea 3-1 , i wonder how long it will take for them to jell , mata missing maybe ?
i bet you dortmundvbayern is better than chelsea game rubbish game ... always relying on penalty
daz our goal number 1 ,, chelsea hoyeee ,
back pass against chelsea = a goal for chelsea ! lol
chelsea forever getting penalties

yeahhhhhhhhhhh lampard 
lampard !! 
i pray for chelsea injuries . only so the physio comes on 
chelsea rot in piss u tosspots 😡
can't believe how good westham are
goooool de lampard , gol del chelsea . || west ham-chelsea ||
20 ' gooooollll lampard ! de penal . west ham 0-1 chelsea
jaaskalinen lucky to be on the pitch with chelsea infront 0-1
" fat frank " loves scoring against this lot . great composure 
gol lampard 0-1 chelsea
dirty football paa chelsea dey play rydee
goal !!!!! whu 0-1 chelsea oscar brought down by keeper and lampard takes the penalty < oscar >
lampard with a laser pk ! chelsea 1-0
chelsea are right up for this
goal !!! f . lampard gives chelsea the lead from the spot . west ham united 0-1 chelsea .
and lampard takes the lead for chelsea
chelsea up on west ham 1-0 😀😀😀
chelsea are the hammiest fuckers 
how many times have chelsea been gifted a goal this season ? ffs ! two mistakes first demel then the gk dives in unnecessarily .
goaaaaall frank lampard 0-1 ( 21 ' min ) 
the drought is over , lampard puts chelsea in front from the penalty spot . whu 0-1 che 
hate chelsea with a fucking passion , but when moneys involved ! come ornnnnn chels
goool . de lampard , west ham 0-1 chelsea . blues is today
oscar was totally looking for the penalty all the way . more or less kicked the ball away and drew contact . nerve of chelsea to ask for red .
 
i want 4 more ! come on !
frank lampard , respect man . west ham 0-1 chelsea .
i rili dnt like it wen i see chelsea playing without mata nd luiz ...
westham 0 chelsea 1 lampard pen 
i love my football club chelsea .
score !!! a penalty for chelsea fired in the net by super frank !!! :))
 take a lead against . lampard's penalty .
get in there the mighty blues !!! 
frank lampard ! so many chelsea goals ! 
chelsea till i die , i'm chelsea till i die , i know i am , i'm sure i am , i'm chelsea till i die ....
get in 1-0 chelsea
chelsea white jersey is class looking
and gooooaaaallll super fraaaank !! west ham 0-1 chelsea
thannnkkks a lot demel ! keep playing with your head up your ass ! 
i hate it that chelsea always need penalty to score
chelsea 1-0 west ham
penalty goal ok chelsea . yeah 1-0
so confused .. it thats a penalty for chelsea should the keeper not be sent off
west ham vs chelsea fc : 0 - 1 * keep the blue flag flying high *
lampaaaaaard 1-0 .... i want more ... c'monn chelsea 
franck lampard !! 1-0 
goall !! chelsea !! :d
fucking batter em chelsea get in to em
never penalty . time to play not dive chelsea fc .
lampard can kick a penalty damn !! the mighty chelsea leads !! :d
penalty for chelsea 12 min
keepers giving out presents to the likes of chelsea and arsenal whereas our oppo keepers play blinders . gk should've gone though
goooollll chelsea 1-0 west ham !!! lampard
chelsea !!!!! 1-0 
goal for chelsea !!
chelsea 1-0 west ham lampard with the penalty 
super frank lampard chelsea fc 1-whu
gooo chelsea ,, gooo dortmund
chelsea just so good in this one
wow refs let's just give chelsea the game with that incorrect call for a p.k. !
chelsea direct naseb jer .. goal pon penalty
goal ... frank lampard scores from the spot ... westham 0 vs 1 chelsea ... 21mins .... 
penalty to chelsea ! there will be no apologies this time around !
penalty to chelsea ! 
lampard !!!! chelsea fc <3
gol lampard , west ham 0-1 chelsea . fc 
what the fuck am i watching ? guy demel can't even pass the fucking ball ! what a wanker !! fuck fat frank ! fuck chelsea !
chelsea up 1-0 . west ham basically gave them that goal .
thanks lampard . west ham 0 chelsea 1 . that keeper deserved a red card . completely missed the ball 
congrat to css runner chelsea johnson on her national championship today !!!
cunt scores for chelsea . 
chelsea goes ahead with a frank lampard's penalty
honestly , we've probably been at least a similar quality side or if not better and then we do that , congratulations chelsea that's a gift
settle down now chelsea , 2-0 and i win a nice ton ;)
part of me hopes chelsea score 6 or 7 tonight ! give the bored the kick they be to sack fat sam !
15 ' first shot for chelsea with oscar , the ball ends over the crossbar
dat was a pk for chelsea ... the referee was even lenient . should have given a card
chelsea got lucky west ham deserve more
capitain lampard 
 : ( bpl ) west ham 0-1 chelsea
frank lampard ... 1 x 0 west ham
oscar chelsea player stop being a pussyhole and get up zzzzz
you can abuse all you want westham fans .. he's a fucking legend ! 
watchinf west ham vs chelsea now . wh is playing some dirty soccer , but it backfired with a penalty kick
westham fans can boo lamps all they want , he will always come back to put a knife in their chest
dreadful defending from . terrible penalty to give away . could've been worse mind , should've been a red . 
i hope chelsea wins 
goalkeepers gifting arsenal and chelsea wins today , let's hope cardiff's keeper continues the generosity tomorrow 
 earn a pen . goalie brings down oscar . shocking defending . lampard smashes it too corner . 0-1
can't describe how much i love it when frank scores against westham !!
even muted the chelsea game for this one 100 what a bangerrrrrrrrrrr dududd dee do !!!
why does chelsea always leave her leftovers here ?! 😂
watching chelsea match er was boring the fuck outta me . turn to bayern & dortmund match an chelsea score straight away
woow ! chelsea get bare lucky
if our chelsea can just lose or draw .....
the whole premier league is giving chelsea gifts .. the referee last week . the defender this week . and its not even christmas yet -_-
chelsea 1 - 0 west ham ( lampard score )
chelsea gonna tie this game
come on chelsea the blues 
lamps ! come on chelsea ! 
 - chelsea has scored in each of the last 17 matches against west ham , last being shut out by the hammers in may 2003 .
chelsea makes me laugh so much ! first time i've seen her in years 😂
so chelsea still get fan base 4 gh ??? i wonder sef sey ppl dey watch dema matches ...... boring
lampard scores a goal to give chelsea the lead
goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea : frank scores from the spot v 
i love this chelsea's jersey ..
chelsea lead
lampard scores 1 nil to chelsea
penalty to chelsea .
goal !!! lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea ( 21 mins )
frankiee makes it chelsea 1 now . gyeahhhh
goall lampard , chelsea 1 - 0 west ham united ;) lope lope dah chelsea :)
place a west ham-chelsea
yas lampard ! c'mon chelsea make me rich !
goal lamparrd chelsea 1-0 west ham
yeah , go on , give them a head start . after all , it's only chelsea ( buries head in hands ) 
20 ' gooooool lampard ( penalty) ! whu 0-1 chelsea 
f . lampard scores a pk for chelsea
frankie lampard - his won more than you ! 
lampard tucks away the penalty . and chelsea are 1-0 . 
watching football ...." + wine :d " arsenal game done , nw watching chelsea *
some chelsea fans thought we wouldn't see another penalty too !
hope chelsea loses
goal !!!!! wast ham 0- 1 chelsea 21 " f . lampard
definitely a penalty . definitely not a card . jääskeläinen going for the ball , just mistimed things . oscar also going away from goal . 
we're chelsea ! super franky go forward to grab some goals and lead us to win !!
chelsea .... dey will neva play a fair game !
now that's a penalty ! goal frank lampard scores from the spot . west ham 0-1 chelsea . jaaskelainen took oscar out in the box and chelsea lead
penalty goal wuu chelsea bhai
penalty frank lampard huhhh chelsea fc lead 1-0 
what a funny foul along with a great penalty 
chelsea's white kits are hideous
chelsea score , lampard .. 1-0
i'm starting to worry about how much luck chelsea and others are getting .
and my mood is spoiled a bit by chelsea scoring . russian bastards , hate them lol
let them scummy fans have it frank ... come on 
both arsenals first goal and chelsea's first goal were a result if retard goal keepers mistakes😕
lampard scores a penalty for chelsea , 1-0 . great star for mourinho's side .
 west ham vs chelsea #3rdgame
westham should better get something out of this game .
lampard's longest goal drought in a chelsea shirt comes to an end ( eight games in all competitions) .
20 ' penalty for chelsea foul on oscar by the keeper
both arsenal and chelsea get absolute gifts ! and still mourinho moans… 
westham fans getting on lampards back wanna look a bit closer to home . have a pop at demel . id let him ave it at park football for that shit
need chelsea to win
fucking chelsea scum
come on chelsea
beautifully executed by frank 
get in chelsea 1-0 
i love it everytime a chelsea player goes down injured so the physio has to come on 
21 ' super frankie lampard goooollllll » chelsea fc 1-0 west ham united ( y ) 
come on chelsea ! come on chelsea !
if win we are going to be only the third team to reach 1500 points in history of c'mon 
suk hood chelsea score to bc ! kmft !!!
chelsea have 1 left back including cole , and he still can't get in !
chelsea getting lucky again . was a blatant penalty but sloppy defending to give it away
chelsea gifted a penalty after a woeful demel back pass . lampard duly obliges from the spot .
so the keeper is still on the pitch how ? vs .
chelsea are unbeaten in their last 6 london derbies .
lampard !!!! super frank ! come on chelsea ! come on chelsea ! 
stood at work refreshing the absolute shit out of chelsea's tweets . wish i was at home watching it , mind .
feel sorry for west ham ! they've battered chelsea
22 . west-ham 0-1 chelsea " lampard "
so chelsea also get given a gift .
good to be watching chelsea again
dortmund v munich over west ham v chelsea anyday👌
chelsea lords of the pl 
my prediction is 4-1 for chelsea 
lol i'm bringing my children up as chelsea fans just like me is . they have no choice 👏💯
lampard dont miss pk's for chelsea . england on the other hand is different .
lampard is really the only chelsea player i actually like .
 
let's hope the board sort out a decent striker in january because if we go down it's on their heads ! 
oscar is fouled by westham goalkeeper and it's a penalty . lampard converts it into a goal ! it's westham 0:1 
we will never score a beautiful goal ... - chelsea
chelsea players won't let us rest
dads going to be in a bad mood for the rest of the evening because of westham 😤🙅
etoo looks so out of place in this team . mourinho picked physically strong players to compete with westham , but why is ba on the bench then ?
i genuinely can't count the amount of times this season that chelsea have been gifted a goal by crap defending
 chelsea 1-0 west ham
how many more poxy favours r chelsea gonna b given its embarrassing
1-0 chelsea ! frank lampard 
poor defending by westham gives away a penalty
that was incredibly stupid from 
too bad for goalie , that wasnt going in ! gifted penality for 
chelsea's best striker is lakaku
penalty successful - lampard ( chelsea ) : west ham vs chelsea ( 22 ' ) vs 
but then after the chelsea game , there's the doctor who special on and then the carl froch fight an the ashes so i'll be entertained
chelsea score and they still don't sing , shit fans
lampard makes it count . 1-0 chelsea
fuck the chelsea match , return of the jedi's on .
get in chelsea , live that defending
 chelsea vs west ham . epl . live in hypetv at home . :)
but chelsea 👍👍👍👍
couldn't have gifted chelsea a goal more though ... fucking terrible by demel
chelsea 1-0 west ham . and i dont watch the match . thanks to 1d day 
man utd went 24yrs without a trophy . chelsea over 40+ yrs and mancity 45+ yrs . have not won a trophy in 8yrs and yall making noise ?
22 ' whu 0 vs chelsea 1 ( lampard ( p )
mikel is a man down for chelsea🙈 why play him when ramires is a defending midfeilder ?? with mata on the bench aswell lol 👎
can't be dealing with these dumb chelsea fans chatting breeze
fuck i hate chelsea
go chelsea ! 
the ever highest goal scorer for chelsea hs just put one again . (1-0 )
super frank lampard ! 1-0 chelsea
goal ... lampard scores , chelsea 1-0 westham 
terrible back pass . chelsea hadn't even threatened
goal ........ super super frank , chelsea lead 1-0
22 ' : west ham united 0 - 1 ( lampard 21 ' ) chelsea
frankie lampard scores on penalty 1-0 for chelsea .
0-1 - lampard ( chelsea ) : west ham vs chelsea ( 22 ' ) vs 
mxm chelsea and penalties
i feel like i'm in fucking made in chelsea
ahh chelsea is winning , arsenal won . not helping lfc's situation . really wish that we would've won
lampard scores 
love u chelsea
another gift for chelsea
god i hate chelsea . scum from top to bottom .
dunno what all the chelsea fans are singing about they weren't there when they were crap
another chelsea penalty ..
what's the score in west ham/chelsea game guys ?
jack is actually so obsessed with chelsea it's scaring me
chelsea take the lead through a customary lampard penalty . absolutely unnecessary from demel i must say . 
westham . lets do this for iyayi .
god damn chelsea .
frankie scored from the penalty ! :) west ham 0-1 chelsea 
yeahhhh . go chelsea . : *
yea chelsea making my weekend 1-0
frank lampard scores for | makes it 1-0 chelsea on a pk .
got to love the class chelsea and mourinho are showing by arguing that it should be red ! penalty not enough punishment for daft defending !!
cba to watch chelsea
much better from chelsea , great penalty by lamps !
lets gooo chelsea !!!
who watches chelsea vs west ham when dortmund vs bayern is on
nice one lamps ! come on 
don't you dare let me down for 65 quid chelsea !!!
terrible error by gargamell or at least that's what i thought the commentator said 
defences just seen to crumble against chelsea this season 
chelsea earn a pen . goalie brings down oscar . shocking defending . lampard smashes it top corner . 0-1 
jyeahhhh ! goalllll for chelsea ! go go go chelsea !
gifted that to chelsea never deserved it at all 😐
bet three won . chelsea 1-0 up . #150bets
as long as chelsea don't win by 3 we'll still be 2nd
lampard finally ends his scoring drought !! 🙏🙏 
my reaction when chelsea score -> 😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿
cfc : chelsea farting club
i absolutely love chelsea's away kit
but de chelsea !
chelsea will not lose .
' 21'live ' west ham 0-0 chelsea ; penalty to chelsea , poor backpass from west ham to set up jaaskelainen , who brings down oscar
lord pls let chelsea just lose
f made natasha jump as i yell yes so loud as the ball goes in for chelsea sorry baby x
i suppose chelsea fans will think how fucking great they are coz of that stupid goal
chelsea's all time goal-scoring machine .... frankie lampaaaaaaaaard
alright , chelsea 1 west ham 0 . penalty to lampard
chelsea is fucken lucky tho ..
chelsea pricks
i dnt like watching chelsea . they're a boring team . they bore my boredom .
west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea lampard 20 ' 
boom ! scores !! lapard !!!!
how many penalties have chelsea got this season ?
poor backpass from demel , and jaaskelainen forced to foul oscar in the box . penalty to chelsea , and lampard scores it . 0-1 
chelsea 1 goin in half time
sometimes ( no , scratch that ) often supporting isn't much fun . like now for example . 
nw west ham chelsea
grande lampard ! dale chelsea
can't find a live stream for vs !!! i need help !
my tl full with chelsea's supporters
" chelsea feeling happy now " why they scored a fucking penalty . not like it was a proper goal
so poor demel . but jussi challenge was stupid as well . how to gift chelsea a one nil lead .
hopefully chelsea don't win by more then 2 goals ... * holding thumbs *
c'mon chelsea
super frankie !!! that's how we do it . chelsea up 1-0 .
oscar is bossing this game , chelsea's best player by far
good game for chelsea . in first goal ..... now watching ....
gol de chelsea ( lampard penalty) . west ham united 0 - chelsea 1 .
chelsea are the new man united . getting all the decisions .
west ham do stupid shit all the time . if your playing chelsea , fucking smash it clear !
ball possesion west ham 42 - 58 chelsea
nice one frankie 
chelsea are feeling right happy about life right now .
chelsea 1 goal up .. lampard 206 chelsea goal
 
i not seeing the chelsea match :'(
get in chelsea , love that defending
chelsea penalty ? no way .
fucking penalty to chelsea .... knew you could'nt rely on westshit to do a job .
west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea
jussi your a cunt that's twice now in two games !! 
goal !!! lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea ( 21 mins ) 
chelsea 
go home chelsea .
goal lampard ! 
it's like watching a comedy show just clear it for ffs 
goallll super frank . come on chelsea
but de chelsea ! 
chelsea goal ? good
206 goals for chelsea
goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea - lampard from the penalty spot ! 
goal , lampard ! 1-0 for chelsea
chelsea are the luckiest team in the league
i hope chelsea lose this game , bun mikel aswell
niall quinn : ‘ chelsea feeling real good about life right now ’
why do chelsea players feel the need to try and get players sent off ?! 
both chelsea and arsenal were given penalties today ... nobody's complaining but if it were united ...
clear penalty for chelsea
stomached about 10 minutes of west ham v chelsea . 
looooooool , lampards just ended his longest every drought for chelsea . watch and learn strikers .
game on chelsea
penalty for chelsea !
watching west ham vs chelsea soccer now . wh is playing some dirty soccer but backfired on them because chelsea got that penalty kick
watching bayern dortmund and chelsea westham in same time
watching the chelsea game on a big tv has made my saturday 
goal !!! ( penalty ) west ham 0-1 chelsea , poor pass to the goalkeeper by ham defender 22min
goal lampard !!!!! chelsea 1 vs 0 west ham
wish the commentators would shut up . never a red card and never jussi's fault . demel was a spastic . end of . 
chelsea fans love a smokebomb , fair play
goal !!! lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea ( 21 mins
great penalty but extremely undeserved ! 
mourinho and chelsea getting more and more like celtc every game . they cheat , they dive , they snarl , they moan .
chelsea leading ...
since his return , mourinhos remarks about officials this season have been shameful , if chelsea dont win this , expect more of the same 
dish isn't showing the chelsea game 😒
frank lampard , respect man . west ham 0-1 chelsea . though it felt like a typical case of monkey de work , baboon de chop !
206 goals for chelsea ! what a legend he is 206
when was the last time a goalkeeper took a player down and gave a pk but no card at all ??? west ham vs chelsea
goal !!! lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea ( 21 mins ) 
west ham united 0-1 chelsea 
come on chelsea bout time i copped a nice acca !! 
206 goals . lampard's record in chelsea
206 chelsea goals for super frankie
cum on chelsea £390 to never be seen again 😂😂😂😂😂😂
okay that's it chelsea's luck please come to an end i'm going to watch bvb vs bayern while i wait for the dw preshow
frank lampard has nw scored 206 goals for chelsea .
just look @ dt chelsea game . smh . west ham defenders r fuckers
come on chelsea
we are gonna win 3-1 !! 
goal ! lampard scores the penalty ! west ham 0-1 chelsea 206
206 chelsea goals now for super frankie lampard 
chelsea vs . west ham
mourinho quietly and rightly questioning the fourth official as to why the west ham keeper didn't get a straight red for that . 1-0 chelsea .
come on chelsea ! :d goooool !!
yes it allows chelsea to use an attacking band of 3 . but it makes us use 2 dm's that sometimes we don't need .
goal !!! lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea ( 21 mins )
we'll done chelsea don't let me down 👏 
chelsea all time goal scorer has done it again from the spot , 1 vs 0 wsthm .
come on chelsea !!!! 
chelsea winning 1-0 , lampard's just to good at penalties !!!
probably every chelsea game i watch has lampard score a pen .
xi chelsea vs west ham : cech ; ivanovic , cahill , terry ( c) , azpilicueta ; mikel , lampard ; ramires , oscar , hazard ; eto'o .
lol i'm bringing my children up as chelsea fans just like me . they have no choice 👏💯
gol de penalti de frankie lampard ! come on chelsea !!
but de lampard sur penalty ! - 
de refree is not fair to chelsea at all
frank lampard with 206 chelsea goals
you can't afford to make silly mistakes in defence against chelsea ..
good pressing unlucky lamps 
let's go chelsea 
goal ! lampard . west ham 0-1 chelsea . 
where's all you coyi hashtags gone westham fans ?
chelsea are gifted minimum one goal a game ., its actually astonishing
hate chelsea but frankie lamps is top boy
absolutely love oscar . such a good player for someone so young . does the ugly stuff too . 
looks like the big clubs getting presents today !! awfull defending 
lampard longest goal drought at chelsea comes to an end . 10 games
sing a song guys ! chelsea chelsea .....
goooollll lamparddd ... chelsea 1-0 west ham
live 21 min goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea ( lampard , penalty 20 ' )
is it only me who thinks that chelsea's away kit makes them look like france ⚽️🇫🇷😬 
 west ham vs chelsea 
bien frank ! gol del chelsea !
chelsea 1 west ham united 0 - frank lampard ( penalty ) 
206 chelsea goals for frank lampard
chelsea gonna lose
right blunder there at the back for let chelsea in cheaply .
frank just ended his longest ever goal drought as a chelsea player ; 10 games . 206
i think that nearly all of lampards chelsea goals are penalties he ist that good a player
currently watching west ham chelsea with the sound down . i cannot bear niall quinn . 
ohh goodluck chelsea . xoxo
switched on the tv and chelsea is leading~ shall shower during the half time break .
ohhhhhh still vim 
west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea . 21 ' frank lampard scores for chelsea on a penalty ! 
tak mintak banyak , just hazard score , terry score pastu chelsea clean sheet ... 
not that we didn't get given . 2 goals today but how many goals have chelsea been gifted lately ???
chelsea doing well defensively but really poor in attack . mata is needed to orchestrate all of this . he's to me our best attacker 
206 goals for chelsea . f . lampard
come on chelsea !
chelsea sooo ass
lampard 206 chelsea goals
thought west ham was gonna beat chelsea , but 1-0 i'm happy 😊
chelsea game so boring i think the referees are gonna leave the stadium at halftime .
c'mon chelsea ! waiting on them for 5 fold
penalties everywhere . barcelona , arsenal and now chelsea . worst football weekend !
ohhhhhh chelsea we love you
chelsea leads with a goal by lampard .....
chelsea 1 , west brom 0
chelsea too static . need to stop bunching & standing on your heels ! boys .
if chelsea win 3-0 i won an accumulator for £3339 
another goal please chelsea ! don't want to be 1-0 at half time .
206 goals for lampard for chelsea 
yes chelsea 
goal chelsea ! 21 ' lampard pen , west ham united - chelsea fc 0-1 
that west ham defender cocked that one up leading to chelsea's first goal ! 
 v ... probably gonna flip to v during the inevitable commercials
chelsea always gets penalties ..... mtchew !
chelsea went 1-0 up last season , just saying
yes 1-0 chelsea penalty lampard
goaallllaaaa(lampard) .... westham 0 -1 chelsea
all time chelsea top scorer ! lampard !
bummer : local nbc station is showing college football . so we have to watch the real football ( west ham vs . chelsea !! ) online . 
cmon chelsea you can do it
206 chelsea goals for lampard !
i like that chelsea kit !!
goal !!! lampard from the spot makes it 1-0 to chelsea , westham keeper lucky not to see red
chelsea could have actually had a front two of lukaku and sturridge .
west ham v chelsea 0-1 @ 25 mins , chelsea have won 5/5 away games vs b6 teams
i love when the tweeters update me with the chelsea games 
come on chelsea !!
frank lampard 1 goal on penalti , chelsea 1 west ham 0
206 chelsea goal . frank lampard .
goal !!! chelsea 1 - 0 west ham lampard ( 21 ' ) p
206 goals for lampard in a chelsea shirt .
the camera man for this chelsea west ham game is terrible
gol .. lampard !! westham 0-1 chelsea 
i'm rooting for because of frodo . 
but de lampard sur penalty ! chelsea 1-0 westham ! 
some man u and chelsea fans are still annoyed cos we won . well , its the lord's doing and its marvellous in our sight . 
chelsea scores
the stat about lamps going 10 games without a goal is irrelevant , he is chelsea's all time top goal scorer ( he scores when he wants )
goal : west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea . ( frank lampard 21 ' ) 
23 minutes and chelsea lead in the score as well as possession- 58% 
ffs chelsea want west ham to win !!
west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea
chelsea dah satu ! come on .
west ham's good work all undone by a stupid penalty being given away which lampard scores to put chelsea in front 
cumornn chelsea 💙💙
yay lampard 206 chelsea goals , born on 20/6/78
lampard penalty ! 1-0 for chelsea
4-3-3 4-1-4-1 would be so much better for chelsea .
fucking chelsea baby !
stat ! : lampard has now scored 206 chelsea goals ! ( all time chelsea top scorer ! )
lampar scored penalty .... goaaaal for chelsea : 0-1 min 21
goaaallll chelsea lampard !!!!!!!!!!
merry christmas chelsea , hope you like your gift .
no way on earth me and chelsea are going to be ready in a hour
united fans can watch d rest of d chelsea game lol
if you're in my house then you have to watch the chelsea game
how can you be watching a chelsea when dortmund and bayern playing ? : s disrespect
lampard !!!! super frank ! come on chelsea ! come on chelsea ! 
lampard leaped 6ft in the air on scoring that pen - clenched fist . 206th chelsea goal . and by the look of it , he will have enjoyed few more .
only reason to watch a chelsea game is eva ♥
super frank lampard !!! 
arsenal gifted 2 goals now chelsea been gifted 1 .. so annoying like just kick the ball away .. thinking they're messi in there own box 👏😑
tbh , i wanna see chelsea win this match !
nice little £70 win if chelsea win come on you blues !
lampard ! 1-0 chelsea
gooool de lampard west ham 0-1 chelsea
well done lamps now chelsea win 3-1 and i'll be a happy chappy .
lampard scores a penalty for chelsea . 0 1
epl ref ... we are all saw d penalty against chelsea uh ?
sky commentators are killing chelsea off
lamplard you're a fuckin toby !! kiss that chelsea badge you classless cunt
y must chelsea cheat in evrytin , pls . they hav nt only bribed d ref , bt hav also bought d whole premier league . tonda faya dat refri dia !!!
 west ham united vs chelsea
just need chelsea and man united to win and £30 is coming my way ! 🙏
aw fucking hell dortmund - bayern and west ham - chelsea have kicked off at the same time .
united i remember ! the other one i forgot coz there's chelsea vs west ham also !
how jose talks about producing core english players in chelsea while he can't play bertrand with cole injured baffles me 
frank lampard converts from the spot :) west ham 0-1 chelsea !
chelsea go one up so the treble is looking good ! how many members are waiting for this game for another winner ?
lampard done it .... goal for 
penalty to chelsea 
chelsea scores
goolll !!!!!!!!!! lampard score for chelsea the blues !!
super frank lampard .... 206 goalz 4 chelsea
the fact that chelsea calls me " tay tay from the 404 " be having me weak 😂😂
this is the first chelsea match i've watched live since the beginning of the season .
' 22'live ' west ham 0-1 chelsea ; ' goal ' lampard blasts the penalty home to put chelsea in front
a chelsea win with frank first scorer . why didn't i put that bet on ???
unreal !! gifted chelsea ! here we go again !!
chelsea every game penalty fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
chelsea are gonna smash west ham
c'mon chelsea we need to create more chances
frank just ended his longest goal drought as a chelsea player ; 10 games . 206 ,
wouldnt dare be a chelsea supporter
chelsea is the best team in london
£140 resting on chelsea 
chelsea 1-0 courtesy of a frank lampard penalty . oscar the man of the moment brought down by jussi .
if chelsea win tonight i'll actually have won a bet !!!!!!!!!! buzzingaaaaaaaa
please retweet : chelsea’s goalscorer today , frank lampard , selected for the lineup by 88% of fans 
big goal for chelsea . about 16 stones worth of big .
0-1 to chelsea come on lads
westham utd 0 v 1 chelsea . super frank !!!
1-0 down and no strikers on the pitch 
west ham 0-1 chelsea . ! goal by lampard
today we will win . the whole team is fighting . 
20min penalty goal by lampard ! chelsea 1- west brom 0
chelsea chasing arsenal
did lampard celebrate against westham ?
i am super bored , even this west ham vs chelsea is boring me out .
man city gifted chelsea a win , norwich gifted chelsea a win , schalke gifted chelsea a win , cardiff gifted chelsea a win . it's annoying .
23 ' ) west ham united [ 0 - 1 ] chelsea < england - premier league >
lampard with the pk ! chelsea up 1-0 on west ham . would've given keeper a card too . 
1 - 0 pour chelsea >>>>>>>>>>>> franck lampard >>>>>>>
a high ball from the back to nolan who nods into the box but he forgot they don't have a striker on . 1-0 chelsea .
lampard 1 westham 0#☺
i miss chelsea so much haha ...
well done lampard 
 
semangat chelsea for this game jer
yay chelsea scored^^ plz win cus liverpool must go back to where they belong
live 21 min goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea ( lampard , penalty 20 ' )
lampard score !!! chelsea 1-0 west ham
nw chelsea vs west ham united
i don't knw if its the blue they wear but i've never watched an entire chelsea match without falling asleep .
well played demel # think he wants to play for chelsea
oh frank lampard , what would chelsea do without you .
21 min west ham 0-1 chelsea ( lampard , penalty 20 ' )
we need to keep the ball now and keep attacking fast . come on chelsea !!!
chelsea always taking advantage of errors
west ham conceded a penalty due to poor demel back pass . lampard converts and it is west ham 0 chelsea 1 . :-(
need chelsea to win for the 7/2 win treble .
 1-0 west ham united 
how bad was the decision for chelsea to get the pen ? will watch highlights later , don't like watching live bribes .
right , go on chelsea , park the bus .
no shade . but , chelsea plays really boring football .
 gifted penalty for chelsea ! finally goal drought over for lampard .
chelsea wud got to be the luckiest team when it comes to getting penalties that aint called for yc !!
the way i can't use certain words to describe that utter fat tub of lard ... 
goal : west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea . ( frank lampard 21 ' ) 
goal !!! lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea ( 21 mins ) 
come on chelsea !!!
westham playing the ball from the back is recipe for disasters , if your wingbacks are o'brien and diame .
lakaku is chelsea's best player . why loan him out ..
goal west ham 0-1 chelsea ( 21 mins) . frank lampard scores from the spot after jussi jaaskelainen brings down oscar 
these commentators are just arse licking the shit out of the chelsea players
ah , chris foy is the ref . that explains why that wasn't a red card then . they have to be a chelsea player for that to happen .
lampard scores . from de spot , chelsea 1 up !!
 , what a hash and soft penalty by atkinson , which show's that all the epl officials are backing chelsea for the title .
chelsea 1 up . jose won't lose games like these from being a goal up . night all .
i choosed the uninvited instead of chelsea match as this movie quite fun yeah .
fuck all you chelsea scum .
lampard scored penalty .... goaaaal for chelsea : 0-1 min " 21 "
the only time i'm ever gonna want chelsea to win ! come on ya cunts win me this one
great chelsea ( y ) eight ! lampard . gooollll
goallll !!!!!!!!!!!! de bluesssss . kip calm cos am a dyin hard fan of chelsea .
chelsea have got to retire the no . 8 shirt when lampard retires
i'm stay support chelsea
so . how's this fior a philosophical problem , how can i cheer a chelsea pen & want to shout ' fuck off chelsea ' at the same time 
chelsea's away kit looks like really ugly pyjamas . that's all im saying about this game 
easy win for chelsea 😂
west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea frank lampard 21 ' penalti
lampard for chelsea ! 1-0
chelsea ? what ?
wallahi these past couple of weeks i've barely been able to sit and watch chelsea play . almost forgot how good it felt 😏
west ham united 0 v 1 chelsea-gol-frank lampard
cm on chelsea easy 3 points
chelsea go beat westham as expected
23/11/2013 single to win f lampard @ 8/1 first goalscorer west ham v chelsea pending 23/11/2013 single to win f lampard @ 13/5 anytime
chelsea are shit
hope arsenal or chelsea win the pl i wanna see the parade
who got fouled for the chelsea pen ? classed as an assist for fantasy points !
1-0 to chelsea , well done lads well done
hope it was a good / fair penalty for cfc there cant take the ole talk . chelsea aint the new barca
lampard ..! always and always , eh ? your hatred made he scores against you . hahaha
to none liverpool or chelsea fans . who is better/has been better - lampard or gerrard ?
pelarty to chelsea
yes chelsea
chelsea seem to be up goethe physical battle tonight . great tempo from chelsea . good game this . 
c'mon chelsea !!! 
i shall watch chelsea's match
 chelsea vs west ham .
206 chelsea goals 4 frank lampard our leadx goal scorer of all tyms 
we love you chelsea we do !!
did niall&louise from made in chelsea sleep together ?
that's a clear penalty for chelsea up frankie 
oscar fouled , lampard converted , chelsea up by a lone goal
whaaattt !! chelsea scored a useless penalty ! at the 21st minute .. soo damn useless 
chelsea ahead with one goal from lampard
looooooool , lampards just ended his longest every drought for chelsea . watch and learn strikers .
if chelsea win .. the only team to let me down for a 15 team accumulator is wolves .... nice one !!!
was a penalty but i hate the fact 2 chelsea players try & get him sent off & mourinho gets on at the lino to get him red carded ! 
chelsea .. come on guys ..
come on ! lamps from the spot 1-0
goal ! chelsea have the lead at west ham as former hammer frank lampard thumps home from the penalty spot ."
 still scoring goals by defenders mistakes :( 
how laughably predictable 
stupid goals always 😔 
goal lampard west ham 0 - 1 chelsea fc 20 ' 
chelsea are on the longest run of any premier league club without having a clean sheet 
if chelsea didn't score that my dads hand was going through the tele 😂😂😂
come on chelsea !!!!
these westham fans need to get behind there team , it sounds like a library , can't play infront of this , easy for chelsea
common chelsea fc !!!! we need more goals
yess chelsea , fuck em all , united , west ham , liverpool .
chelsea needs mata badly
yassss 1-0 chelsea coupons coming in !!! #£270
nbc commentator : chelsea have failed to win any of their last two games ...??
chelsea on that anini p .
goodgame chelsea ( y )
in an even worse mood now chelsea have scored 
chelsea not got a clean sheet so hopefully it will stay that way . 
niall quinn " chelsea feeling real good about life right now ". my word ..
goal . west ham 0-1 . frank lampard scores from the penalty spot after fouled
goal chelsea
 awful . awful . awful . what the fuck was that ??
west ham gifting a goal to chelsea & southampton gifted one to arsenal earlier . why don't teams ever do that against us ?
come on chelsea ! 
20 ' jebreddddd lampard ! westham 0 - 1 chelsea
oh shoot .. chelsea is on 
lampard ! come on chelsea ! 
over to you chelsea !!! 
so our chelsea to win to nil is looking good right now ! long time to go still , but it was 11/5 at kick off 
ha , i can watch futbol and football today ... west ham v . chelsea is on tv here !
1-0 chelsea once again super frank
goal chelsea ! west ham united 0-1 chelsea ( lampard pen ) 
why watch westham vs chelsea when you can watch b . dortmund vs b . munchen
and guess who scored for chelsea .......? f lampard-206 times and counting !
what the hell was demel doing . ridiculous defending ! 
chelsea are really lucky
west ham united vs chelsea 0-1 . 21 ' frank lampard , penalty , chelsea 
chelsea is been helped now the way barcer is been helped in spain .. penalties 
lampard scores from the spot for chelsea .
lampard score fi chelsea ( y )
the chelsea defence is beast
206 frank lampard's goal for chelsea . 
let's go chelsea
oh the frankie lampard yet another goal from the chelsea . superman 
#2birds1stone chelsea 5/1 to score peno , lampard any time goalscorer
what a penalty by lampard 👏👏👏
i got a feeling this game is gonna end 2-1 to chelsea
live 26 min goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea ( lampard , penalty 20 ' )
whats with keepers & them making mistakes today vs 
oh chelsea i love you
yesssss goºoollll ... f . lampard westham 0•1 chelsea nov 24,201 3
i despise chelsea as a football club .
hahahh good job chelsea yahoo
i really want to see chelsea scoring 3 goals or more before half-time . we can do this ! 
goal ! lampard pits chelsea in front after a pretty soft penalty , imo , lampard though stepped up to convert , and the blues take the lead , 1-0
well arsenal won sadly but if chelsea loose that would be great .. does not seem likely though . 
let's see after the chelsea match how their win is described . probably not the way ours was today ( yes i have a chip on my shoulder )
lampard longest goal drought at chelsea comes to an end . 10 games
two chelsea penalties in less than 30 minutes in the league .
where are my chelsea peoples this morning ? 
chelsea win and madrid win p3 my bet is sealed
chelsea fans singing " frankie lampard ! he's won more than you ." oh dear
can't believe some fellow chelsea fans call mikel " shit ". i just cant .
goal update west ham 0 - 1 chelsea 
it's so sick that lampard's longest goal drought for chelsea is 10 premier league games . 
had chelsea 2-1 lamps first
when i was just a little boy i asked my mum what shall i be ! shall i be westham shall i be blue here's what he said to me :
i've watched west ham v chelsea for 20 minutes . i have no idea how we lost to them 3-0 at home ! west ham are shocking .
i hope west ham smash chelsea the fucking wankers haha
lampard make 206 goals in chelsea . 
chelsea 1 -0 west ham lets go
nice penalty chelsea
chelsea fan logic that lamps start is warranted because he scored a penalty haha
that was never a penalty ! chelsea gifted 2 pens in 2 games !
206 chelsea goals .... applause !!
c'mon chelsea we need to create more chances
live 21 min goal ! west ham 0-1 chelsea ( lampard , penalty 20 ' )
chelsea have score
now i just need chelsea to get 2 more goals !
chelsea to get 4 
if you need to improve your clean sheet or away win stats you play westham 
if chelsea win here , wolves let me down on £1279 .. fs !
nevermind the chelsea match , dortmund v bayern is on .
goooool lampard 
goal !!! super frank lampard !!! west ham utd 0 - 1 chelsea 
chelsea football club goal !!! lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea 
chelsea winning ya bish
abeg make chelsea start dey wear this type kit
chelsea are scum
i went too early , i took 1700 and chelsea face just scored ! o well 1700 up
west ham 0-1 chelsea ( lampard ) 21 ' penalty
chelsea game should go one way so cba to watch it
where the hell are chelsea and ashley
1-0 chelsea 😊 feel sorry for west ham though
i love chelsea football club more than anything .
diving oscar wind penalty for chelsea obvious dive ! 
i missed the goal ?! who scored for chelsea ?! 😞
chelsea is cursed upfront . all our strikers only start performing after we sell or loan them
chelsea already being carried to a win . pathetic
terrible attacking options for westham
a quick chance for chelsea fc
gooooooooal !!!! lets go chelsea 
chelsea fans are beyond shit
nice one chelsea
nonton chelsea always streaming fak !
go wash your mouth out with soap , go get your fathers gun , shoot all the westham scum , shoot the westham scum
mostly , hot girls will support mancheater united while attractive guys will support chelsea 
forever hate chelsea yo ! : |
f *** u chelsea
arsenal fans saying lampard left westham to play at a bigger club coz he deserves to ! wtf rvp did different there ?!!
chelsea ! 
been a great weekend with wins by wales , dragons & bedwas . just need chelsea to come up trumps tonight and i will be happy happy happy !!
i hate chelsea 👊
hope chelsea lose but oscar and ivanovic scores 
chelsea 1-0 west ham
i can't wait until roma leaves chelsea .
 update : west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea ( frank lampard 21') .
chelsea scored first in the same fixture last year and who still won ? 
chelsea will get a game next week though ! hopefully we'll have lovren back .
 west ham 0-1 chelsea . frank lampard scores from the penalty spot after oscar fouled . 
good luck chelsea
westham even though playin at there home ! are doing wat clubs cum to stamford bridge to do , sitting deep n expectin to cut at the break !
ref chief to apologise again to west ham as chelsea got the penalty .
go munich ! this chelsea game's slightly sluggish :-/
who's that black guy wearing chelsea's no . 29 shirt ? ... nigga just jogging wondering why he's a footballer .
chelsea players have big asses .
really hoping chelsea score at least 3 against the scum . better if it was 5
chelsea always wakes up at the butt crack of dawn and like wants to conquer the world . i always just wanna sleep allllll day long
goll chelsea !!
here we go chelsea , here we go !!
basically i'm lost somewhere in chelsea
gol do chelsea , hunf
come on chelsea !!
fucking get in chelsea
idgaf what nobody gotta say chelsea not scary ! she on her shit she ain't got time for the childishness and stupidity these hoes bring
0-1 . chelsea leading right now . first goal by frank lampard . hola chelsea
common chelsea ! more goalssss 
chelsea will win today hopefully southampton beat them next week
this match will end 2 - 0 or 2 - 1 . 
come on chelsea !! 
watching the west ham vs chelsea game . west ham truly are awful defenders . nearly conceded three goals that were ridiculous .
padawan and i are singing chameleon circuit on our sf to see the 50th premiere . i miss chelsea .
goallll super frank lampard ( y ) 1-0 
chelsea gives me her laptop while i wait for her to get ready & lets me know she has 3 seasons of flavor love that i can watch .. lol okay no
chelsea . penalty ? < takes cover >
goal west ham 0-1 chelsea ( 21 mins) . frank lampard scores from the spot after jussi jaaskelainen brings down oscar "
my two teams are playing right now .. chiefs and chelsea .. idk what to watch will just change channels from time to time
west ham united 0-1 chelsea . come on chelsea you can do it :d
 4life 
min 20 ' take a 1-0 with a frank lampard penalty kick . 
i missed chelsea's first score 😑
just almost making my day 1-0
another 2 goals chelsea please then a can start thinking about getting ready for a scoop ! 🍻🍻🍻🙏
that's the 3rd time that chelsea got a goal from a misplaced pass by the opposing cb this season .
the fans at the west ham vs chelsea game look really cold , if that was me i would really layer up
you know someone has zero clue about football when they say is wearing ' maroon ' jerseys . i don't want you watching . 
 1-0 up . can we hold the lead for once ? 
i know i am a liverpool girl but i hope chelsea win there game tonight
goooooal : west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea . ( frank lampard 21 ' ) 
come on chelsea !!
chelsea vs west ham
come on boys !!!!!!! 
i'm not a footballer but i'm putting it in chelsea's box 
 players trying to get goalie sent off . maureen's awful dreadful lack of class just seeps into every fibre of chelsea's being
gooooolll !!!! 21 ' frank lampard penalti . . . west ham 0-1 chelsea 
the minute i open me mouth chelsea get a ' penalty '. for diving no doubt .
chelsea's best striker doesn't even play his football there .. hmm
trust chelsea to be on at the same time dortmund v munich is on too !
watching this chelsea game 
 should have never loaned out . 
lampard puts chelsea ahead in the match 
westham abeg draw dis chelsea boys .... u need see as chelsea fan dey celebrate l'pool draw ... like say dem win league ....
would love it if joe cole scored and celebrated i front of all the chelsea fans
oooo westham fans burnnn 💣
goal kick for chelsea new peter cech to take it new
come on chelsea !!!!! ⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️
golll by lampard west ham 0-1 chelsea 
 west ham vs chelsea
chelsea needs to step it up ! 
come on west ham ! please can chelsea fuck off .. 👋
where is torres n mata ? disappointing selection by mourinho
chelsea fans to west ham fans : " he's won more than you ! he's won more than you ! frankie lampard he's won more than you !" haha 
aw fucking hell dortmund - bayern and west ham - chelsea have kicked off at the same time . lol
yesss goal !! lampard !! come on chelsea !! 
goalllll !! lampard scorer for chelsea :) blues are up by 1-0
westham ... i no wan twitpic my nude o .... pls
i wonder if ppl get stabbed in chelsea
well done frankie lamps :)) 206 goals for chelsea now .... kept em coming !!!
the sky is blue yeah ... buh not chelsea's kinda blue .. its man city's
please can the whole cast of made in chelsea just be in hyde park tonight please
chelsea vs west ham united
1 . arsenal 2 . liverpool 3 . chelsea 4 . southampton 5 . everton 6 . manchester united 7 . totternham
did lampard just scored that ? westham 0:1 cfc 
fuck watching the chelsea game . dortmund vs bayern all day thank you .. 
lampard leaped 6ft in the air on scoring that pen-clenched fist . 206th chelsea goal . and by the look of it , he will have enjoyed few more
scotland v australia , dortmund v munich or west ham v chelsea 
why would i want to watch west ham against chelsea when i can watch the rematch of last seasons champions league final
a lagend score for chelsea !
4points ahead of liverpool . 7points ahead of chelsea . 8 points ahead of man utd and tottenham . 9 points ahead of man city . top of d league .
goal lampard !!! . wh 0 - chelsea 1 . * tweet yang sangat telat * :(
lets go chelsea
let's go chelsea 
go chelsea ! go blues !
more chelsea cheating
niall quinn sounds likes he fucking hates chelsea
★(epl ) match day 12 ★ • west ham united 0-1 ★ super frankie lampard ( 21 )
come on chelsea , come on borrusia dortmund !
thanx lampard 4 putting the ball in the net westham 0-chelsea 1 .
lampard makes it westham 0-1 chelsea ag
chelsea is definitely going to lose today !!! 
im forever blowing bubbles !! united ! ♥ 
a deserved penelty for chelsea !
leeds shrewbury arsenal qpr wolves chelsea to all win £30 , wolves only team to let me down - . -
come on chelsea !
if only balotelli goes to chelsea in january ...
football manager and watching west ham vs chelsea , can it get any better ? 
come on chelsea . this lot are shite .
★(epl ) match day 12 ★ • west ham united 0-1 ★ super frankie lampard ( 21 )
come on westham !!
 chelsea !!
hope chelsea lose
advice to " some " of my fellow chelsea fans stop moaning when the match was only started around a few minutes ago . observe first .
west ham united 0-1 * chelsea ( 21 ' ) scores from the penalty spot
chelsea 1-0 frank lampard !!!
i hope chelsea make it blue day
fucking hate oscar and chelsea
gary cahill's last ditch tackles are actually very accurate . never disappoints in a chelsea performance .
this penalty got me screaming like a mad chq !!! u gotta love chelsea !!! !!!
shame chelsea tried to get west ham keeper sent off . typical of pro football and now seen in kids football 
goal ! frank lampard 21 ' ( p ) | west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea .
 
con gol de el se impone 1 a 0 al . min 28 pt . .
it wasn't a goal it was a westham 0-1 chelsea 22 " 
 .
watching vs 
20 ' goool de lampard de penal ! chelsea 1-0 west ham
chelsea games are too fucking boring
chelsea definitely need a defensive midfielder in january ! 
c'mon westham .
chelsea are so good at closing down
replay just showed oscar going over before he was even touched .. hate chelsea ... 
oscar more or less diving for the penalty ? 2 dives for 2 penalties in a row from chelsea now
3-1 chelsea lampard first goal scorer 😏⚽️
hw z dah nt a redcrd ? n nw haters wl strt sayin chelsea r cheatn * smh
i think ima buy escape the fate tickets just to see chelsea grin fuck shit up
" oscar , of all people , closing down ." says niall quinn , watching his first chelsea game ever .
 i have a 25 mbps internet connection & the chelsea/west ham game is constantly buffering . i sure with nbc would get this right .
if chelsea hold on to this win and united win tomorrow i'm £45 , sound
wow what a dive from oscar , chelsea dive they get a pen !!! unbelievable referees are now
hey tweeters gave my poor older sister the sickness bug after i had it and today i spent the day with my friend chelsea and we enjoyed it !!!
how can you go into a premier league match against chelsea without a recognised striker 
chelsea is winning hmmm ok
boring chelsea game .... am off this
ex-hammer , frank lampard , gives chelsea the lead from the penalty spot at upton park . matched at a high of 11.5 for first goalscorer .
w ham 0 chelsea 1 goal by lampard
chelsea 4 life
chelsea pls don’t lose this match .
 chelsea vs west ham 
chelsea should play 4-3-3
all of my tweets are about chelsea and tori😘 just to let u know ;) cus im so jelous of them :( its sad 
chelsea - diving club
cahill was great signing by chelsea
lampard v westham a gift that just keeps giving 
west ham can't hack chelsea's high pressing
a gud first half start for chelsea
for me that was a dive by oscar ! chelsea getting another dodgy penalty 2 game weeks running
nice pressure chelsea
do chelsea's opponent defenders always get downs syndrome before the game ?
can't really talk after today but it amazes me how chelsea get so many goals handed to them on a plate .
1-0 down to chelsea , no strikers .
and other news chelsea 1 goal up against west ham
west ham also looked very poor in 1st half last season . but this time chelsea is equipped to cope with wh's momentum in 2nd half .
chelsea's bench is unreal
i hate chelsea 3x as much as spurs or utd
more goals chelsea !
go chelsea !
gol ke 206 frank lampard bersama chelsea . 
aers , west ham - chelsea 
chelsea and tottenham both man , such cheesy wins all the time
am i the only non chelsea fan watching chelsea west ham over bayern dortmund ? preferred to watch on a big tv screen over a shit stream .
chelsea bore me mweh wuld rather watch 1000 ways to die tbh
my very first chelsea game of this season .. awesome !!!!!!
no beef here but really chelsea fans how do u enjoy ur games ?
i love watching chelsea play
kaizer chiefs♥ chelsea♡ real madrid♡♥ ( the reasons behind me supporting lamateams has nothing to do with ibhola itself lol ) ...
i am not watching west ham vs chelsea game but all in all we are leading so far
damn chelsea the hot topic on my tl
chelsea bench haha better than most teams 1st team
chelsea's bench is frightening
chelsea vs west ham - typical example of how to take a penalty . ask frank lampard .
i like it when lampard scores , and looove it when he makes it against his old club west ham 
this chelsea game is really boring .
we are friends of westham today .
this chelsea kit is ugly a bit .
goal !!! lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea ( 21 mins )
chelsea's game making me feel sleepy .
i wanna wake up to chelsea draw or lose next morning . good night , red devils .
chelsea off to a good start . big up lampard
chelsea is buying me the front bottoms for chirstmas omg
chelsea's bench is stupid !
i dnt see him leaving chelsea ths guy
villa u18s draw 1-1 with chelsea , harry mckirdy with the goal , played most of the game with 10 men . u16s lose 3-0 . 
i want the white chelsea away jersey so bad 😩💙
many of us r in line 2 attend a " not on tv yet " show called serch . location chelsea studios in manhattan .
chelsea's bench is so strong
chelsea seem to be up for physical battle tonight . great tempo from chelsea . good game this . 

oscar is everywhere for chelsea at the moment
man united and chelsea chase 8-year-old argentinian wonder kid nicknamed ' snow messi ' we gonna beat man u in this coz 
chelsea lucky = unlucky
chelsea's bench looks like arsenal's first team
good pressure here by chelsea
chelsea taking the lead from a penalty ! why am i not surprised !! 
chelsea is winning the match as of now yay
2nd kit chelsea warne putih plak ...
cahill was a great signing by chelsea
watching the chelsea game instead of dortmund . 
goallll lampard 0-1 voor chelsea
lampars has now scored 5 goals ΐϟ his last 4 matches against westham 
are you a fan of chelsea shout out blues kidding
get in lampard !!! 1-0 chelsea
please win bayern and chelsea
y am i following chelsea fans ? hais hais . 😭😭😭😭
kmt chelsea scored
chelsea need fi loan wi essien if we nuh get m'villa . man need game time before world cup
chelsea are such jammy bastards -_-
 ... :d :d winning tonight ...
like i said before oscar is chelsea's best player this season . he justifies why he's there !
west ham vs chelsea or dortmund vs bayern . thats not a hard choice to make , is it ? ;)
not the start westham would have hoped for , with few goals this season you wonder where the ' equalizer ' would come from .
i think the world would be a better place if chelsea football club didn't exist
chelsea 1 nil up , if they keep this i'll win £350
come on chelsea
good pressing by chelsea ..! 
and chelsea is winning \☺/ ... chiefs better win just to complete my saturday
niall quinn really is useless . oscar has played like that pretty much since chelsea signed him
goaall !!! chelsea score !!!!!!
i need chelsea for my accumulator if it wins should be a good return ! and brighton won ! c'mon chelsea
missing the chelsea game while on a 61 full a soap dodgers life's fucking brilliant
in such a dilemma cause i'm millwall so i fucking hate west ham but chelsea disgust me what do i do 😷
watching dortmund/bayern and west ham/chelsea at the same time . not bad .
chelsea my team must win today
chelsea's bench looks sooo strong ! 
i don't care how bad he is lampard must start v west ham if you know anything about chelsea .
chelsea's bench is looking very strong !
god give my chelsea win here tonight
chelsea @ it again impressin every1
chelsea football ⚽️⚽️
west ham united - chelsea watching
finally made it back home from work to watch the chelsea game 🙌
goal ! chelsea lead west ham as frank lampard hammers in the pk . his third goal in four games vs . his old team . | 20 ' whu 0-1 chelsea 
i actually forgot chelsea had mata , man of his talent should not be on the bench
oh myy chelsea n dortmund .
has anyone got a link to stream the chelsea game ?
how can some chelsea fans call lampard shit ? unbelievable .
chelsea putting constant pressure on west ham , their keeper forced to kick out for a throw after pressure in the box . 1-0 chelsea .
chelsea , haters call chelshit -- ". seem legit
lampard chelsea get lucky ( y ) 
chelsea 1-0 west ham , lampard
another cheating penalty by chelsea not that the commentators even saw it after about 5 replays . typical jose and his teams
yessss . we love you lanpard we doo !! 
not sure if chelsea or penalsea .
chelsea all i need is 3 goals n do not concede
our winter warmer is here ! mulled wine ... delicious . 
chelsea disgust me so much
chelsea fans ,,, please where is torres ?? is he injured or something because i'm not understanding this eto'o of an idiot ,,,
never a penalty in chelsea game . the sooner we ban these cheating foreigners from our game , the better football will get
watching a bunch of divers vs westham
chelsea the blue
chelsea games re always boring ain't watching again
west ham vs chelsea game , froch groves fight then motd . boom . night sorted .
well unimpressed with . switching over to watch the wallabies teach scotland how to play the other ( better ) ball game
westham 0 _ chelsea 1 goal 4rm lampard pk
please lord let chelsea lose today
on va regarder chelsea mtn 
chelsea leading .
keep calm & watch lampard scores 
chelsea f.c . lampard goal
chelsea scored penalty je adehhh
i wsh chelsea da bst
is mikel finally shaping up to be the player who's signature chelsea fought to sign all those years ago ? do we dare dream ?
look at chelsea , got a goal already . 
fucking hate westham couldn't be happier seeing them lose 😂
chelsea leading by 1-0 to west ham
looking at the instant replay , appeared to be a good dive from oscar for chelsea's pk .
 match .. west ham 0-1 chelsea ..
this chelsea kit is sexy .
now that qualifying is over everyone is running to watch game love for soccer it is after all 2014 soon ! 1 
forget the name of the sky commentator but he must be on drugs . calling the chelsea goal a jaskalinen error . ridiculous opinion
come on chelsea !
i always say wen playing against chelsea , don't pass to ur keeper . u ll regret it
come on then chelsea !
are there any more disliked teams then chelsea and west ham - you'd have to go some .
chelsea vs west ham united ;)
come on you can't sit back with just one in the bag !!!
chelsea players are wearing the same jersey i am wearing now :' d 
goal chelsea ! 21 ' lampard pen , west ham united - chelsea fc 0-1 
chelsea look weird in their away kits
footie bet lookin good jus need chelsea to win⚽️
west ham is the most pussy ass team ever all i need for them is to either tie or beat chelsea but they suck so much ass that's impossible
chelsea power !
chelsea have one of the best benches ive ever seen
best player at chelsea last season and a bench warmer this term .. this is sad 
goal ... west ham 0-1 chelsea ... lampard scores 
even chelsea fans will agree the penalty was so uncalled for , wait they too stubborn and naive , they wont .
chelsea get too many penalties
if chelsea don't win this game , i'm gonna go round my ex's and fucking wallop her again
why would i watch the chelsea game when bayern n dortmund playing !!
i'm absolutely gutted . gonna miss fratellis at winter gardens tonight due to illness :( not fair . & i had my best chelsea dagger moves ready
wheres all these amazing west ham fans ? can only hear a few chelsea boys singing
need napoli chelsea athletico madrid real madrid and bayern to win
yes lampard !!! come on chelsea !!!!!: d
super shot from lampard . chelsea 1 . 
want a chelsea puffa jacket 
you just can't stop lampard scoring for chelsea he'll put sticking away penalties on his zimma frame when he's old n grey
chelsea wearing the white jersey 🙌👏⚽️💙💦💦
lfrank just ended his longest goal drought as a chelsea player ; 10 games
forget chelsea .... dortmund v bayern is the game to watch .
bs goal on a bs penalty kick . stupid chelsea ! come on west ham united , get one goal and then one more !
chelsea's pressing ( and oscar's in particular ) has been superb so far in this game .
pirates ✔ . barcelona ✔ . chelsea ... pending . hoping for the best
another chelsea player going down easy in the box
most ghanaians support arsenal & chelsea
how are a couple of chelsea fans comparing hazard to ronaldo .... oh dear !
come on chelsea 1-0 up
lampard again come on get back in this 
chelsea is pissed ... watch out
chelsea are winning which means if the result stays like this i've won on my coupon , girl power
lampard . 1-0 chelsea lead
i don't remember the last time chelsea scored a deserved goal 
may have been wrong but i do believe it was a another dive by a chelsea player
my bele dey sweet me here , carry on chelsea fc
25 " mins ! west ham 0 - 1 chelsea , lampard of the penalty spot with his 206th goal 
gud , frank lampard scored from penalty spot .. west ham 0-1 chelsea ..
come on chelsea
oscar is not justifying in any way he deserves to start ahead of mata ! work ur shitty plan out mou ! 
disgusting soccer by chelsea oscar 
what a boring game this is !! west ham/chelsea . bring on united tomorrow
come on chelsea !! come on chelsea !!
come on chelsea ! one more goal please .
ohh yess .. nice one lampard .. chelsea is leading now ..
hate listening to chelsea fans that much turned over to bt 
come on chelsea
chelsea applying pressure , good .
what is doing to juan is outrageous .. easily the best player in that chelsea team . hope he moves in jan ! deserves better .
who's this azzar fella playing for chelsea the commentators are on about
ravel morrison is the only player that can cut through chelsea .
 watching west ham vs chelsea - 1 nil chelsea in 29 min . thanks 
shock chelsea got another pen
chelsea dagger // the fratellis
chelsea all the way , we make tins happen . 
arsenal won n chelsea is leading
chelsea play such boring football ! especially without mata ! 
chelsea pls win mke i chop mybet today
private canapé reception tonight in chelsea for us ..... 
i just wanna sleep but now chelsea playin what do i do
chelsea pressing high up the pitch and it is paying off . another error forced from the home defence leads to a cfc throw . 0-1 29m
chelsea isn't good enough to have ashley cole or mata on the bench ... or even torres i guess ... just buy a superstar already !!!
it's hard to believe i'm watching a chelsea premier league match .... atmosphere is non existent
frankly chelsea is doing well
watching chelsea play
know much about chelsea i don't ... but happy to be leading this manager does not look .
watching the chelsea game and saw ashley cole and wanted to punch him ! who actually cheats on cheryl cole 
chelsea is winning ayyy
west ham - chelsea putting me to sleep . shite game .
chelsea's bench looks like a ballen'dor lineup minus messi n ronaldo
chelsea still leading .
got niall quinn commentating on chelsea game or owen hargreaves for the bayern vs dortmund game . 👦🔫
this chelsea game is so boring . zzzzzzzz
watching dortmund vs bayern and west ham vs chelsea at the same time . not bad .
ive been supporting chelsea for like 4 years but not cray obsessive shit
chelsea matches are boring
chelsea .. yeahhh
proudlock was so freaked out about filming made in chelsea he didn't turn up on set on his first day ! 
fucking westham so fucking useless ...
westham are struggling
i really need at least 1 goal from oscar ! chelsea fc
goooaaalll super lampard !!! chelsea 1-0 westham
why is everyone supporting chelsea , am i the only one supporting west ham ? 😂
wil be happy if chelsea win this 
good chance for chelsea
westham v chelsea 
lets go chelsea
goal !!! f . lampard gives chelsea the lead from the spot . west ham united 0-1 chelsea ."
chelsea told me i have pretty eyes
these chelsea fans won't let us watch a better match
it's a disgrace how chelsea don't play mata
c'mon west ham get a goal for me , as much as i love chelsea i need west ham to score !
chelsea are so boring to watch 
are sky making out the chelsea are fucking superhuman we are west ham and we will fight
lampards playing well for chelsea today , looks like a threat !
well someone has to have the disappointment support westham , i just happened to be one of them
now lampard heads just wide of the far post as hazard cuts a cross back from the by line . 29 mins gone . chelsea on top . 
 westham pitch is very small for chelsea 2 play ! 
if chelsea and scotland win i'll be happy :)
lampard must have scored over a 100 penalties for chelsea .
west ham look sloppy on the ball and chelsea pressing well . hazards deep cross is expertly met by lampard who heads just wide .
is the west ham v chelsea game any good ?
frank lampard's job at chelsea is to only score a penalty can do nothing else .!! 
lampard's making sure no chelsea player ever breaks his record !
torres boi i vex he injured anuh all now game done already the kinda chance chelsea getting
go chelsea go ! me love you !
fuck chelsea
i love number 17 in chelsea
nice try there c'mon chelsea 
penalty frank lampard chelsea 1 - 0 westham
 
this match needs another chelsea goal
you say all chelsea fans re agberoz ... re they nt human too
arsenal and chelsea are the top 2 teams ! 
chelsea , shelby , kelsey , lesley ... it's l the same 😂
30 minutes been played its still chelsea 1-0 west ham 
west ham vs chelsea
up da blues !!!!!! team chelsea !!!!!
super8frank !!! 1-0 for chelsea ! 
lampard !! come on chelsea ! 
skor 1 - 0 buat chelsea . penalty shoot from super frankie lampard . 31
demel wins a corner for westham .
mata is a starting player , chelsea is missing that quality
come on chelsea
my ex use to be the greatest chelsea supporter guys ! & then when we broke up she practically didn't know what football was_whada trooper :')
yes ... chelsea 1-0 ! already ahead in the game ! 
chelsea 1 up
lamps longest goal drought at chelsea comes to an end . 10 games . 
did the commentator just indirectly say lukaku should have stayed at cfc ? " eveytime he scores for everton , i wonder why it wasn't chelsea "
we have no strikers and our full back decided to gift chelsea a penalty so that will be that because we won't score ! 60 minutes left of pain
watching the chelsea game in the barbers , got a strong team
we love you chelsea we do !! 
chelsea wan lov
chelsea can win the league of course with penalties .
i understand the anger towards boruc for his mistake but why is it coming from chelsea and manu fans instead southampton fans ? > _ <
epl – goal alert : west ham united 0-1 * chelsea *( pen : lampard 21 ’) 
29′ chelsea are doing a great job of stifling the hosts at the minute . there appears to be no outlet for the hammers ' midfield .
being made to watch chelsea play is soul destroying zzzzzzzzz 
1-0 to chelsea !! in your face suckers !!! love you lampard 
dreadful , dreadful defensive mistake by . come on , sort it out .
c'mon chelsea
come on chelsea ! 
i like this chelsea kit
come on chelsea !!
step 1 : take any 3 random chelsea players . step 2 : add their ages the result is 100+(plus) ... amazing !!
it's been 12 years since lampard left west ham for chelsea and he still gets booed ...
 and seem to be in on west ham's counter attack plan - with a strong back 4 and both mikel and ramires in the side .
 change play somewhat today pressing up front 
paddy power offering 5/6 chelsea -1 goal in running 
come on west ham they were playing well untill the chelsea goal
put on chelsea jersey and chelsea blanket
watch chelsea vs west ham
chelsea better not get too comfortable with how it is and better put theirs backs more into it . 
bored of chelsea getting all these shitty goals . mostly mistakes and penalties
gooolll . . . west ham 0-1 chelsea
west hams morrison is quite easy on the eye .. 
why do muppets still tweet hate about lampard and cole ? these 2 are legends can't thank them enough for what they've done for chelsea !
in love with my new chelsea boots from work ! 😍
please keep a clean sheet today chelsea
why i'm watching west ham vs chelsea who knows but hey soccer is soccer !
30 minutes played and chelsea on top .
now lampard heads just wide of the far post as hazard cuts a cross back from the by line . 29 mins gone . chelsea on top .
lampard celebrating against westham when he used to kiss their badge ? weasel ones
february needs to be here so i can see fir escape the fate chelsea grin om&m and bmth
30 ' chelsea still looking to grab another goal before the break as lampard's header goes just wide of the upright .
ok maybe watch chelsea for abit first
cleared by a chelsea defender . 0-1 31m
chelsea vs west ham
come on westham not again
i am an unlikely fan at the moment .
yes i am watching chelsea vs west ham and don't give a shit for dortmund bayern match 
remember how shit it was when chelsea won the european cup . ugh
having mikel in that deep midfield role makes a huge difference for chelsea .
nw : whm chelsea
why is chelsea so cute . but so young
chelsea and penalties .... still a better love story than twilight .
go go go for chelsea : *
fockoof chelsea
chelsea said hey to me about 20 times last night . i felt the love
not sure whose playing worse football between chelsea and westham ...
please niall quinn take your nose out of the chelsea players arses .
chelsea seem to be up for physical battle tonight . great tempo from chelsea . good game
goal chelsea 21 lampard pen west ham united - chelsea fc 0-1 come on blues
 westham - chelsea
apparently if the goalkeeper misses the ball and takes out the player , that's a clear penalty . even if its to chelsea . that can't be right .
chelsea needs torres back :(
epl – goal alert : west ham united 0-1 * chelsea *( pen : lampard 21 ’) 
mikel is so vital for chelsea
now lampard heads just wide of the far post as hazard cuts a cross back from the by line . 29 mins gone . chelsea on top . 
a day of mistakes then .. looks live chelsea and arsenal are gonna pick up ez wins coz catastrophic mistakes by opponents ...
poor ashley cole , he will never be a chelsea legend like zola or a wrung down , vialli . if only he knew b4 asking for 5 quid more @ arsenal :-)
i have never watched chelsea play beautiful football
je regarde le match de chelsea 
chelsea has the lead .. common we need those 3 points !!
chelsea’s oscar…aptly named . awful commentary on sky . obvious it was a dive . key word from laws of game is ‘ intentional ’
epl – goal alert : west ham united 0-1 * chelsea *( pen : lampard 21 ’)
 should put a 40m pound bid for juan mata in the jan window . mata again missing for .
work til 5 and then chelsea's party tonight
possesion without penetration from chelsea .
dubious goals been given away .. smh first at now at good going lads kmsl ..
chelsea to win , you heard it here first vs 
why chelsea match always borin ...
bloody hell another chelsea penalty sans foul . refs are so gullible .
yesss , chelsea !
lampard hasn't played this well for chelsea in a long time 
i have so much to do today😔 i really wanted to go to logans birthday to see chelsea but my game , then dress fitting😫
flicking between chelsea and bayern/dortmund , can't do this at the stadium ... 
 insidious / westham vs chelsea cannot decide what to watch
losing to chelsea . yeah .
at least when you support westham you never get too down when they loose , because your used to it
lampard heads just wide of the far post as hazard cuts a cross back from the by line . 29 mins gone . chelsea on top . "
frank lampard you've got to retire as a chelsea player . work on it please
chelsea winnin ,,, kinda happy ! rt if we share similar interest
boys have west ham chelsea on the tele and the dortmund munich game on te ipad . somethin very wrong here cant believe it .
this chelsea game is pretty good
inb4 khedira to chelsea alonso out of madrid reus gundogan and ramires to come to madrid
let's go chelsea 👏
what a great saturday . everton , arsenal , chelsea games on tv then the boxing to finish it off . be rude not to crack the beers open today
support two teams and both have major problems ! could both be manager less by next weekend ? 
come on you can beat that arrogant and the chelsea !
n there chelsea does it again good start 
good game for chelsea
chelsea fans = modernized touts , arsenal fans = womanizers , liverpool fans = the real ones have grown old and died .
we love you chelsea
i love it when the best team in the world ( ) plays and im liquored and on a relay of jet z :)
dortmund vs bayern is on btsport and i'm sat here watching west ham vs chelsea 
reading : one of the few teams i enjoy chelsea beating .
problem . bayern , chelsea , and south carolina are all playing at the same time .
bage chelsea . 👍
yeah chelsea !!!
chelsea game . i predicted a 3-1 victory for the blues .... so far so good
yay west ham vs chelsea
chelsea having a good tym
day still on track !!! mr sturridge made sure the rest of the day wasn't a waste !!! great game !! now watching this horrible chelsea mob !!
chelsea win me coupons up 
still yet to be convinced by chelsea's playing style , they are more rigid than free flowing 
just tuned into the chelsea game
good job chelsea !!!
three of chelsea's recent goals have come about by errors from the opposing teams goalkeeper . long may it continue . 
come on westham
chelsea fans : " soldado only scores penalties " frank who ? 
arsenal is the only team that plays best football in england . try to watch the game of west ham vs chelsea . my friend utalala game ikiendelea
who scored for chelsea ?
chelsea all the way !!! 
why don't west ham have anybody striker ??? against chelsea !?!?
now lampard heads just wide of the far post as hazard cuts a cross back from the by line . 29 mins gone . chelsea on top .
who scored for chelsea ? 
 chelsea win is a plus to arsenal
chelsea and west ham
21 ' - penalty successful - lampard ( chelsea ) vs 
chelsea forever
cba 2 watch chelsea
looking at the standings chelsea better win this to keep some people silent cuz ....
i hate chelsea but i don't like west ham ! haha
sucks i have to step out when chelsea is playing .... grrrr
chelsea tryna get a job at foot locker
west ham on the other hand somehow lost their confidence due to the penalty goal from chelsea . 
chelsea , utd fans be like ... afc was lucky ... keeper's error .. ul dont deserve it .. ok .. at least we don't dive and demand apology from ref ..
chelsea games will always remain hella sloppy ... 
i miss the old joe cole before chelsea ruined him
watching a chelsea soccer game just so i can hear someone british say my name 😍
ew why is chelsea trending ? she's a hoe
chelsea already leading against west ham . still 0-0 at dortmund against bayern munich . 
can't remember the last time i saw a chelsea game .
chelsea get a penalty that's not like them 
lukaku and sturridge having a stormer for chelsea this evening . mesmeric .
we've got west ham v chelsea live with the big fight , froch v groves no less , later tonight . but hurry , £ 1.99 pints only until 7 !
chelsea score another penalty ...???
chelsea vs west ham
chelsea to run away with this 3 or 4 nil . 
chelsea was smoking crack last night
so chelsea looks up on youtube " burned people "
west ham v chelsea live now @ ojs⚽️ followed by 80s soul & 90s dance with dj martin allen🎉🎵 
digging the new chelsea jerseys
chelsea gol !!
would also like to thank watford for costing me £ 1386.43 today aswell . on the bright side chelsea winning so still a good £400 if they win
i probably hate chelsea more than any other team , apart from swansea
rooting for west ham for 2 reasons : because of green street hooligans , and because chelsea can blow me .
even the chelsea players are watching bvb vs bayern .. juu game yao ni boring
atmosphere at the west ham chelsea game is frichteningly shite
much better from chelsea tonight ! mourinho's teams are actually so good clearly thought about it and it's paying off , keep it up chels !
what is return on 10k madrid and chelsea to win
 west ham vs chelsea w/ them . babat erol les bal kepo
frank lampard's 206th goal for chelsea 
west ham on the other hand somehow lost their confidence due to the penalty goal from chelsea . 
chelsea match so boring
fact : lampard always scoring against westham .
lol chelsea a play n ma focus more pon di ' german clasico '
might treat myself to some dm chelsea boots
goal for chelsea ! makelele breaks up play and his pass finds didier drogba . the big ivorian powers home superbly past shaka hislop 
# now lampard heads just wide of the far post as hazard cuts a cross back from the by line . 29 mins gone . chelsea on top . 
chelsea's crosses look like i hit the wrong button on my xbox controller .
idk chelsea dagger by the fratellis makes me wanna dance everywhere 🙆
hope 4 a cardiff win ova united and west ham to beat chelsea . not sure about spuds vs shitty . prob a draw would b good for us .
hmmmm , always wonder how chelsea get so many penalties !
chelsea has started again
goooaalll frank lampard !!! chelsea fc 1-0 west ham .. go go chelseaa fc !!
32 ' chelsea still looking to grab another goal before the break as lampard's header goes just wide of the upright ." 
michigan state v northwestern isn't on broadcast tv , but west ham v chelsea is . what the hell ?
team chelsea , touch lets go .
this chelsea game 👌⚽️
 west ham united vs chelsea 
no mata again for chelsea , manchester united should put in a 40m bid in january to test chelsea's resolve .
don't like chelsea , never have , never will
sometimes i imagine how rooney would fit in the chelsea team😂
omg ! ivanovic just gave a " cross ". chelsea is winning today with a clean sheet now .
nice to see we have another cheating diving foreigner in the premier league 
chelsea's match boring tho ...
i might chelshit loss today :( , cmon westham
31 ' west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea
chelsea go to third place as it stands i think .
chelsea piss me off so much
now watching `` west ham vs chelsea fc `` 
duno why cole ain't starting ! chelsea can't handle him
this argument with chelsea ! lol
never can you rely on westham ...
you've got to admire chelsea's lyrically magical songs
chelsea have more divers in their team than the british olympic swimming team .
groves is a chelsea fan ! makes me want him to get knocked out even more 👊 
chelsea needs to add another goal just to put this game out of doubt . 
come on chelsea ! 4-0 my prediction .
come on west ham ! 
dis cable don spoil my evenx ... so hw come am nt watchx 's match☹ ... tsiupp !
//bring me the horizon - chelsea smile
chelsea the penalty kings
open gym/practice when all the games are on . west ham is playing chelsea . libertyu is playing . skc is playing . 😓😩😞
ain't even on watchin chelsea boy it
if it is a penalty for chelsea , it has got to be lampard . 
i guess i'll watch chelsea
a lot of hissing goes on when chelsea's playing
dis chelsea nd westham game is not gud for tv !!! so boring nd lacks gud spanish techniques ......
chelsea steady getting dodgy penalties . 
6 in midfield should make chelsea have to work harder to keep the ball .
doritos , dominos chelsea game tonight is sorted ;)
chelsea get penalties mlebe !!!
chelsea as usual doing it . ....
half of chelsea's tweets are about the countdown to christmas and when she's cold lol
everton vs liverpool arsenal vs southampton dortmund vs munich west ham vs chelsea what a day !
i hate chelsea !!
watching dortmund vs bayern instead , chelsea game kind of boring ... my thinking ... lol ...
let's go chelsea keep ' em coming ! 💙⚽
chelsea game then doctor who ...
tonight i am a chelsea fan ! 
hopefully chelsea ends up with a draw .
chelsea have had some cracking centre mids in the past ; ballack , makalele , lampard , essien , poyet , di matteo the list is endless
chelsea should be beating west ham no problem , they have huge problems on the road
chelsea are my fave english
i hope my team chelsea in the premier league soccer gets it right today !! tho .
 chelsea vs west ham united
goal ! chelsea have the lead at west ham as former hammer frank lampard thumps home from the penalty spot ."
mega lolz at spurs fans worrying about chelsea . we'll be lucky to finish above west ham .
oscar is so vital to chelsea , their best player over the last year or so for me .
all this chelsea enemies would die of heart attack this night
i'm trying to figure out why chelsea would want to look like spuds .
just a gentle reminder big sam that we are at home against a chelsea side who aren't pulling up any trees and cech has touched it once .
west ham united vs chelsea 0-1 . 21 ' frank lampard , penalty , chelsea 
wake up sleepyhead ! chelsea chelsea ! no i need my blanket i knew astro very well esok pagi dia ulang tayang .
come on chelsea #
we are underway from chelsea . homer kicking off to loyola !
chelsea cant win ..
completely forgot chelsea game was on haha .. oscar !!
idc when westham brought andy carroll it was the worst mistake ever . all hes done is be injured .
demel needs to score about 20 goals to get over that embarrassing penalty give away . 
2-0 to chelsea
chelsea don't fuck up and ile be 250 up !
gooooaaaaallll ! west ham 0-2 chelsea . oscaaaaaaarrrr !
and it is 2-0 chelsea
goal ! chelsea .
2-0 too easy for chelsea
chelsea 2-0 . bad times .
this game is boring if chelsea is winning .
2-0 chelsea , really not playing well today
oscaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar 2 0 well done chelsea
chelsea play the best football in the league , no doubt 
goal , west ham 0-2 chelsea
what a goal from oscar . 2-0 chelsea !
lol chelsea jos playing games with west ham
goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea* . oscar scores !
goal chelsea
what a goal by chelsea . good team play i'll give them that
woww fack off chelsea
goal ! west ham 0 chelsea 2 oscar
get in chelsea !
i don't know if i should watch chelsea or michigan state .
2-0 pour chelsea
hey big sam , never to early to make a change ! 
what a goal chelsea ! oscar 2-0 ! <3
chelsea football & spencer's coffee . solid morning !
2-0 chelsea . cunts .
what a goal oscar ! 2-0 chelsea
i rate oscar highly . chelsea's best player this year
today's was - in the end - about two players underused by chelsea doing well at different clubs .
what a goal oscar 2-0 chelsea !!
what a team goal chelsea !
i love chelsea
he's watchin west ham vs chelsea ... time to be invisible lol
goal ! magic from oscar . 2-0 chelsea .
oh fuck off chelsea .
chelsea dominant . 2-0 . game over ?
get in chelsea ! great goal ! 
chelsea and maya for class couple 😏
fucking hell westham
goool chelsea !!
this game is ridiculously easy for chelsea
chelsea lead 2-0 !
chelsea goaaaaaaal 2-0
beautiful goal from oscar puts chelsea 2-0 up .
cole . chelsea killing .
gool del chelsea . oscar .
chelsea's best player on the bench again . 
funny how willian signs for chelsea and next u know he's in the brazilian natl team . like the natl team coaches can't think for themselves
not being funny liven up west ham fans its dead and we are playing chelsea
sublime finish get in chelsea
too easy for chelsea . 2-0 oscar
goal west ham united 0-2 * chelsea oscar ( 34 ' ) 
chelsea are smashing it !
how chelsea gone tell me to get some hair & she gone do it sat & then take all day lol 😩😂
oscar !! brilliant goal 
my boy !! oscar 2-0 chelsea 
fuck you chelsea
oscar !!! west ham 0 - 2 chelsea 
what a goal by oscar . very accurate . chelsea 2 west ham 0 .
omg what a play by chelsea
westham shame bad day to meet chelsea i guess
it's a miracle i still support chelsea .... wat is dis ? 2-0 tho :)
goal !!! chelsea !!!
chelsea fc is in control of the game
goal ! oscar solo beauty , 2-0 to chelsea
fucking come on chelsea !!!!
what a goal chelsea !
i just love chelsea
had an order earlier this week for 5 , 96 reasons for justice badges , the lad just emailed to say he got them ok , turns out he a chelsea fan 1/2
west ham 0-2 chelsea - lamps and oscar - oh dear
sitting here like a right dope watching chelsea v west ham when dortmund and bayern is on ! numpty
if your cheering on groves tonight purely for the fact that he's a chelsea fan , then your div .
oscar is jus world , all credit to them what a goal chelsea
stunning 
oscar is chelsea's best player
burn , chelsea , burn
chelsea smashing it !!!!!! 2-0
2-0 chelsea ... oscar
2-0 chelsea fuck off
33 ' gooooooll oscar ! west ham 0-1 chelsea
what a goal chelsea !! 2-0
so easy for chelsea
westham are shite
goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea ! oscar !!!
goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea ( oscar ) 33 . 24
well chelsea have won now
lampard is on fire tonight 
chelsea up 2-0 . beautiful play
2-0 chelsea ! 1 half of my bet won ! great news for all my bets that one !
2-0 pour chelsea
goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea oscar 33 ' 
chelsea looking good
great goal chelsea , oscar is quality ! 2-0
quality goal from chelsea
2-0 to chelsea . the tasty treble is very close to landing now 
arsenal fanz , gud nyt . man u fanz thx 4 yo thx 4 yo prayers , liverpool fanz manti . chelsea no comment
2-0 to chelsea , war gai west ham
what a goal by chelsea .. great football !
west ham 0-2 chelsea . oscar .
good goal oscar ... great move by chelsea .
oscar goaaal . chelsea 2-0 west ham
chelsea goalllll !! by oscar
oscar is all kinds of fun . 
yes chelsea looking like they're going to win this !!
2goals for chelsea
oscar !!! beautiful 2-0 chelsea 😁😁
but thank fuck chelsea are winning 
chelsea are doing me proud atm
fucking chelsea
chelsea u bunch of no history cunts fuck offffff
gooaall .. lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar west ham 0 - 1 chelsea
2-0 pour chelsea 😘
goall !!! west ham 0-2 chelsea !!! oscar .
goaaaaal oscar 
another goal for chelsea !!!
chelsea 2nd goal wowww
goal : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ; oscar !!
yessss come on chelsea !!
i would say oscar is chelsea's best player this season ! what a player
this is like a training session for chelsea ..
oscar make it 2 goal for chelsea ..
golaaasoooo !!! 0:2 chelsea ... scored by oscar !
great goal chelsea
goal !!!! chelsea go two up thanks to oscar 2-0
thohir : " manchester united and chelsea have a lot of fans and sponsors from indonesia , we must try to work our way into that market ."
o myyyyyyyy westham cunty cunts what the fuck
chelsea i gagne 2-0 but doscar
chelsea !!! ⚽️⚽️
goooaaall oscar scores ! 0-2 chelsea .
goal : oscar with a great goal . 2-0 chelsea .
fuck chelsea
gna be 5-0 to chelsea lol
too easy for chelsea - hazard flick to oscar , into the corner - 0 2
haway chelsea £70 on this !!
chelsea✊💦
now holding out for my other bet , chelsea to win .
and that is oscar ........................ top scorer this season for chelsea
another goal for chelsea , oscar 2-0
oscar makes it 2 for chelsea
that goal from chelsea was fantastic
yeees . . 2-0 . . good job chelsea .
chelsea have just scored ! frank lampard
oscar is easily chelsea's best player
i think hazard's talent is being wasted in this ultra-defensive , super organised system chelsea use under mou
chelsea but
well , that was easy . goal . 
goal ! west ham united 0-2 chelsea . oscar scores !
chelsea 
lovely goal chelsea
are you fucking kidding me ? oscar with such a simple goal . 2-0 chelsea .
west ham 0-2 chelsea . what a turn form hazard
i was so close to putting on 1-3 chelsea , lampard first scorer and frank has only went and opened the scoring .
goallllll !!!!! this is chelsea .
oscar nets the second . 2-0 v 
wonderful from oscar ! west ham 0 - 2 chelsea .
2-0 chelsea wow nice goal by oscar
chelsea lead 2-0 .
don't give a shit if chelsea wins or not . i hate oscar
wow , what timing on that tweet . just as i say that oscar doubles chelsea's lead . 2-0 
too easy . 2-0 chelsea
all too easy for chelsea !
chelsea are making this look easy ..
goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea fc : and the oscar goes to 
wooooow thought he missed 2-0 chelsea oscar
chelsea 2 westham 0
too easy for chelsea
oscaaarrr !!! superb play from chelsea !!
west ham are playing so bad , chelsea are ripping um apart
goal ! oscar doubles chelsea's advantage . west ham 0 chelsea 2 after 33 minutes .
oscar !! 2-0 for chelsea after 34 minutes !! 
west ham 0 chelsea 2 : oscar , 34mins . lampard pass played by hazard on to oscar , who shot from the edge of box , unchallenged 
y de momento : west ham united 0 - chelsea 1 ( lampard )
 gol de 
chelsea is a great team .
west ham 0-2 chelsea ( lampard and oscar ) 
i smell 3 points for chelsea
why would you choose to watch west ham v chelsea !? when borussia dortmund v bayern munich is on !
i love oscar ❤️ wish he didn't play for chelsea
what a move , what a finish 
33 ' gol de oscar . west ham united 0-2 chelsea
scrap that ... oscar makes it 2-0 to chelsea .... will we see a flood of goals now ? 
yeah ... handsome oscar dh score .. chelsea 2 west ham 0 :)
am a hammers fan for 90 mins only -a very painful 90 mins i think 
what a play by chelsea . that goal was weird tho
come on chelsea ! 💙
chelsea ! 
oscar as captain ! come on chelsea !! 
great team goal chelsea - 2-0 - oscar . 
chelsea too nice !
goal from oscar dos santos !!! 
chelsea looks good man
liking this chelsea a whole lot right now .
ew fuck a chelsea
as much as i hate chelsea , cannot fault them today
another goooaaaaal 
what a goal chelsea
come on chelsea lets pay the 3 goals they scored us last season
that was some of the best soccer i've ever seen out of chelsea
far too easy for chelsea .
gooooooooooool chelsea goooooooool oscar . chelsea 2 - west ham 0 . min 33 pt
that's a brilliantly worked goal from chelsea .
class play from hazard aswell , what a finish ! fucking get in chelsea
fucking chelsea scum 2-0
second for chelsea . oscar 👍
oscar !!! what beautiful football from chelsea leading up to that goal . 
fuck off chelsea 😡😡
need chelsea to win for a little bit of pocket money ....
chelsea woop woop
chelsea 2-0 now come on bayern and dortmund let's get some goals
33 ', west ham 0-2 chelsea . oscar simple goal ! 
oscar might just be chelsea's best player right now
simple goal from chelsea
fuck chelsea
get in there chelsea
that was some goal by chelsea
goal oscarr 34 ' west ham 0 vs 2 chelsea
yes chelsea ! love me some money 💶💶💶
where's the westham defence ?
want chelsea to win tbh , don't want arsenal to have to create a massive gap between them and the rest of the contenders
goal oscar min . 33 . west ham 0-2 chelsea
chelsea 2 whu 0 33 mins gone
brilliant play chelsea
couple of quid on chelsea to win 2-0
oscar scores with a simple goal really . 2-0 to chelsea
too easy for chelsea !
2-0 pour chelsea
shit i meant what i said lastnight wasnt nobody touching chelsea !
game on chelsea ...
goooollll !!!! 33 ' oscar . . west ham 0-2 chelsea 
patience leads to an oscar goal !!!! west ham 0-2 chelsea 
gooaaallll from chelsea !! 2-0 goal from oscar
oscar proves again why he's chelsea's best player this year . 
chelsea 2-0 good finish tbh oscar
the west ham - chelsea game is live on national tv in the usa . just saying 
" chelsea are back , chelsea are back , hello , hello "
yes chelsea
oh dear dad won't be happy . 
goal chelsea ! 34 ' oscar , west ham united - chelsea fc 0-2 
gooooaallll ... oscar scores , chelsea 2-0 westham 
damn you chelsea , that was lovely
chelsea balling early !!!!!
looks like chelsea are going to win 2-0
goaaallll !!!! chelsea 2-0 west ham 
chelsea scores again 
goal oscar west ham 0-2 chelsea 
thank fuck i'm going to work now 
from stamfordbridge to up town park chelsea harus menang . :d bismillah 3 point . :)
oscar !!! west ham united 0-2 chelsea
and there's my boy oscar ! 2-0 to chelsea fc
chelsea are such a problem in this form . oscar is a bit of a goon
goal oscar ! 34 ' chelsea up 2-0
golazoo oscar ! hermoso pase del duke ! chelsea 2 west ham 0
what a goal that was from chelsea , west ham can't get near the ball !
 
oscar !!!! great build up from chelsea !
20 passes had to turn into a goal 
goal oscar 2-0 go go chelsea
why ' penalty to chelsea ' is trending ?
oh fuck off juusi , fuck off chelsea & fuck off west ham .
oscar is killing the epl right now . 2-0 chelsea 
yes chelsea get in oscar 
get in 
chelsea 2-0 beauty
chelsea dominant
35 ' west ham 0 - 2 gol chelsea
chelsea's on fire
2-0 to chelsea that was amazing play
i fucking hate chelsea
meanwhile in ukambani , we watching the chelsea game !! smh !!! 
great play from chelsea ! wonder goal !
blue is the colour !!! come on chelsea !
chelsea have been in full control from kick off .
goal . west ham united 0-2 chelsea
too easy for chelsea
what a goal chelsea
and if chelsea win key makes us £300 👌💷
sick team goal by chelsea
33 ' goooolll oscar !! west ham 0-2 chelsea
oscar scores the second goal for chelsea . 
oscar doubled the lead ... chelsea 2-0 westham 
oscar is the best number 10 chelsea have
splendid goal ! oscar ! chelsea 2-0 west ham
with all chelsea's money you would of thought they would have replaced mikel by now .
goooool oscar !!! west ham 0-2 chelsea !
oscar makes it 2-0 ! very nice calm finish . come on chelsea !
after saying chelsea should bring mata on , they step it up . 
goal from oscar .. made by hazard .. chelsea - 2 , west ham - 0 .
what a goal tht was by oscar 2-0 chelsea
34 ' - goal oscar , west ham 0 - 2 chelsea 
goallllll for chelsea ! oscarrrrr !
oscar 2-0 - all too easy for chelsea - west ham are really boring
chelsea 2 up
oscar made that look so easy . 
goalll chelsea by oscar !!!
so so easy chelsea ,
come on chelsea !!!
chelsea is snapping right now
game , set and match , chelsea . oscar with a sweet sweet finish . made it look so simple .
2-0 chelsea up
2-0 to chelsea . oscar scores
what a strike oscar . 
chelsea scores again
gol de oscar al 34 '. west ham 0-2 chelsea 
chelsea are walking all over west ham 😂
amazing flick by eden what a goal ... 2-0 chelsea
well in oscar 2-0 come on chelsea !
chelsea 2 - 0 west ham united
chelsea it iz !!!
buuuut chelsea ! oscar mon petit
jheeze my chelsea donss
chelsea r fucking up westham !
sa look chelsea hein
goooaaaaalll !!! oscar !!! chelsea 2-0 west ham . 
that was a perfect example of possessing and then scoring for chelsea
i see you oscar . 2-0 
westham aint even trying tonight .
chelsea are in the mood
what a simple goal by oscar ! west ham 0-2 chelsea .
go on the chelsea !
chelsea are too much , 2-0 after half hour
chelsea we don't fuck about 2-0 
oot chelsea fuck off
oscar is chelsea's best player .
 goal 0 2 oscar 92 
another london ‘ derby ’ where nobody really tries to beat chelsea like an err… actual derby… . who’d have thought it . arf
another goal for chelsea
oscar !!!!!!!!!!!!! such a simple kick and is 2 up !!!!!!!!! 34th minute
2-0 chelsea . oscar with a low drive into the bottom corner .
class goal chelsea , great finish aswell oscar
boom ! chelsea go 2-0 up , bye bye west ham 
chelsea go 2-0 up at west ham thanks to oscar .
the wonder kid scores ..!! oscar west ham 0-2 chelsea
what a goal by chelsea 
fucking goal ! what a goal oscar ! 0-2 chelsea
oscar=chelsea's best player so far this season . 10
go go chelsea
nice shoot from oscar 
chelsea shag performing tonight @ arena tavern in kennesaw from 9-10 !
west ham 0-2 chelsea goal : oscar assist : hazard 
 : gooooll del chelsea , goool de oscar ( min . 34) . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea .
2-0 chelsea and looking too easy for chelsea
amazing goal , chelsea playing like its a game of fifa
goal !!! oscar makes it 2-0 for chelsea !
west ham utd vs chelsea fc : 0 - 2 , oscar * keep the blue flag flying high *
chelsea leading 2-0 :)
get in ! love oscar , chelsea's best player this season . little brazilian 
great team goal from chelsea and quality finnish from oscar . 2-0 chelsea
gooooooaaaaaal oscar what a beautiful goal from outside the box 2-0 chelsea !!!!!
gol do oscar- quinto gol dele na premier league . whu 0x2 chelsea .
that's quite the start . 
such a wonderful finish . makes it look so simple . oscar . 2-0 chelsea .
ohh so easy for chelsea 2-0 oscar cool as a cucumber :) 
yeah oscar !!! 
2-0 ! liking how this game starting 
watching chelsea on the xbox one and there easily winning !
chelsea 2-0 westham united
chelsea's midfield is simply brilliant
this time its oscar . 
 
what a pinpoint shot by oscar !!! chelsea lead 2-0 ! 
chelsea 2 west hum 0
another gol from chelsea by oscar
 goal 2-0 34 mins
chelsea's midfield is too good
well done oscar . 
lil ' oscar again ... west ham 0 - 2 chelsea !
up the chelsea !!!
too easy chelsea 2:0 oscar
goalllll !!!! chelsea on fire !!!!!!
goal !!! oscar scores . chelsea leads 0-2 at upton park .
chelsea's play to that goal was brilliant , hazard and oscar are the difference !
it's all so easy for chelsea 
2-0 chelsea vs west ham
nice one oscar !!! gol !!! west ham 0-2 chelsea
looool i fucking hate chelsea
what a goal . absolute slider . chelsea's number 10 is easily their best player this yeast
westham 
what a great patient build up and a fantastic finish by oscar 
oscar goal chelsea 2 v 0 west ham 
goal from oscar ! 2-0 let's go chelsea ! 
oscar is an arsenal player in a chelsea shirt
oscarrrrr you little beaut 
chelsea double the advantage through oscar . well placed into the bottom left from the edge of the box . blues in control . 0-2 
yes oscar !! chelsea !!!
2-0 to chelsea yes !!! oscar
ooo beautiful goal - love that he just shut up the whole stadium 
i don't like chelsea ...
fuck right off chelsea
as good as chelsea are ....... west ham are soo soo soo sooooooooo shit !!! it's unreal how poor they really are !!
chelsea goall ! yeay
chelsea handles the ball so well and so patiently !
2-0 chelsea , game over 👌👊
chelsea goal . oscar scores and makes it 2 - 0 .
fuck you west ham !!! well done chelsea !! 😀
oscar ! what a chance ! chelsea 2 - 0 whu 
chelsea killing it right now
yes come on chelsea ! baby faced assassin again ! 
here we go come on chelsea !
fckkkkk off come on chelsea !
wow . eye through the needle finish for oscar . west ham v chelsea . a game when you want both teams to lose . looks like will be wh this time
beautiful goal by chelsea !!! nice team work n buildup play ! oscar great finish
that was so much better , chelsea :) 0-2 ( oscar )
oscarrrr !!! ahhh chelsea got this game in the bag ! keep it up blues
great finish from oscar there !! 2-0 chelsea .
what a goal by chelsea omds
oscar is playing great today 
quickly becoming my favourite player at chelsea ... oscar with another goal !
yes chelsea 👍 just make sure you score in the 2nd half
sums up the season so far . crap and a waste of time 
get in chelsea
goal , oscar , absolutely terrific - chelsea 2-0 whu
oscar is class ...... by far chelsea's best player 
and here come the texts .. fuck off westham . 
chant of the day - ' he's outside our club , he's outside our club that chelsea bastard is outside our club ' 
oscar !!! what a goal ! 2-0 chelsea ! 
oscar is having a terrific season for chelsea , class player
i said chelsea would pick us apart today . this is fucking bollocks .
what a goal oscar !. 2-0 chelsea !
chelsea 2 to the good
west ham handing the game to chelsea , they are so poor .
chelsea's number 10 oscaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar
loving this chelsea 💯💯
goal ! oscar scores !! @ chelsea 2 west ham 0 hit like for next update !
chelsea increase their lead .. huhu ..
that is one of the best chelsea goals i've seen for years
goooal !!! west ham 0-2 chelsea - oscar 34 min
it so easy for chelsea now
west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea ( oscar )
2-0 chelsea . oscar on fire
gooaall !! wonderful finish by oscar . west ham 0-2 chelsea -hb
gooooaaallll oscar !! chelsea 2-0 whu 
its chelsea bruv don't be suprised
 2-0 
chelsea 2 nill lead over west ham
 might redeem my mood . 
 chelsea 2 westham 0
my nigga oscar !! 
i do like oscar ... for a chelsea player
only just realised i'm watching chelsea ... i swear they used to be more attractive
goal !!! oscar ! west ham 0 - 2 
great play chelsea , played well so far
chelsea is in full control !
gooool !!!!!!!! oscaar 2-0 
chelsea making me sad
great goal from oscar . 2-0 chelsea
oscar ! west ham 0-2 chelsea ! 
oscar is a fantastic player . been impressed with him since day 1 at chelsea . lovely flick by hazard too . this looks like game over now .
you gotta love oscar 
chelsea 2-0 west ham united
chelsea 2 west ham 0 thank you oscar !
now it's west ham 0-2 chelsea , oscar did it . we balling hard mehn !
lovely goal by oscar and good build-up play . 2-0 chelsea # cfclive
chelsea !! go go go
chelsea looking strong and comfortable
chelsea 2 - 0 west ham . goal by the " little brazillian "
oscar ! good finish ! chelsea up 2-0 wooooo !
 oscar goal chelsea 2 . pikeys 0
oscar what a goal !! 2-0 for chelsea ! 
class from chelsea
oh , i fucking hate chelsea
its 2-0 for chelsea ... oscar scored wonderful finish by oscar .. superb
what a finish by oscar , whu 0-2 chelsea
2:0 to chelsea , great goal by oscar !!!
yessss brilliant pass from hazard and oscar with an excellent goal 😁👍 come on chelsea
oscar !!! 2-0 yes ! c'mon u blues . chelsea 2 - 0 west ham . 
oscaarrrr dee llaaa roosssaaa !! 2-0 !!; ) 
how did that sneak in ?! well done oscar ! 
good touch by eden hazard to oscar , and he's scores . chelsea 2-0 west ham
west ham united 0-2 chelsea
cum on chelsea
watching the chelsea game but if anyone wants to give me updates on bvb . v bayern then thanks ;)
propre le but de chelsea >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
2-0 chelsea fuck you james
2-0 chelsea ... oscar !
get in ! 2 nil chelsea , goal by oscar after a lampard penalty earlier 
ossccaarr !!! brilliant by hazard , brilliant by chelsea
chelsea are just too sick
chelsea 2 
think oscar has been chelsea's best player all season
oscar scored , 2 chelsea and 0 west ham ...
what a goal chelsea , oscar you beauty !
chelsea 2 west ham united 0 oscaaaar scores .......
chelsea playing great football
chelsea fans turning back up from behind their rock
goll oscar 34 ' west ham united 0 vs 2 chelsea fc at bein sport 1 
 gooal ! west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( oscar 34') .
oscar to double the delight for chelsea . 2-0 
chelsea sure has this in the bag .
looks like chelsea too strong for westham .
coz we are chelsea
god damn chelsea again .
2-0 goal !!! come on chelsea
chelsea is dominating !
west ham doesn't have it . chelsea will score four or five today . 
oscar makes it 2 for chelsea .
chelsea playing top football !
oscar pour chelsea 
yes chelsea⚽️
goal 
this goal came out of nowhere ! oscar babyface ! 
brilliant build up from chelsea
2-0 to chelsea , lovely strike by oscar 
oh lord jesus what a play by chelsea that pass from hazard to oscar and a goal 2-0 
its chelsea 2-0 west ham
west ham 0-2 chelsea gooooooooooooooollll 
chelsea 2-0 west ham
chelsea need to sign defoe and a cdm(pirlo) , then we'd win the league ..
just chelsea game .. sigh
that was just so easy for chelsea . west ham are fucking awful
chelsea is dominating this game !
oscar ! such a beauty ! chelsea 2-0 westham . 
lampard oscar chelsea two goals up chelsea for life
west ham 0-2 chelsea , oscar with yet another goal
great goal from oscar , chelsea 2-0 on the way to victory . 
goal ! oscar doubles the lead for chelsea , simple finish ! chelsea 2-0 west ham united 
another chelsea goal😁 suck it mr. lysne
what a finish from oscar 2-0 chelsea !!
lovely second goal for chelsea scored by oscar
beauty by oscar . 2 nil to chelsea
chelsea have had some cracking centre mids in the past ; ballack , makalele , lampard , essien , poyet , di matteo the list is endless 
oscar ! great play from chelsea !
good one oscar !! chelsea 2-0 west ham
that's right boys ! 2-0 up now , oscar !!! 
2-0 chelsea oscar is running the game great finish
goal by oscar ❤️ chelsea 2-0 west ham
chelsea 2-0 west ham now
i was gonna be bare cash on chelsea as well
wonderful finish from oscar !! 2-0 to chelsea
and oscar scores ! 2 nil to chelsea
with chelsea 2-0 need united to win my coupon tomorrow now !
that was class from hazard ! 2-0 chelsea
goal ! west ham united 0-2 chelsea ( oscar , 34 ' ) 
goal !!! lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea ( 21 mins ) 
yes 
goal oscar ! west ham 0 vs 2 ( lampard 20 ' ; oscar 33 ' ) chelsea fc · barclays premier league · keep the blue flag flying high !!
chelsea are doing their business here .
what a class team goal that is from chelsea 
well done chelsea
done with chelsea
oscar , bottom corner , two up 
chelsea's player of the season oscar does it again 
absolutely hate chelsea & west ham .
i can see chelsea win comfortably if they continue playing at this tempo !
oscar .. west ham 0-2 chelsea
ths is th chelsea i knw cum on th bluessssss
oscar 2-0 chelsea lovely finish !!!!!
looks like this could be a stroll for chelsea .... 0-2
chelsea play so much better when they're leading
goal ! west ham united 0-2 chelsea ( oscar , 34 ' ) 
2-0 lead for chelsea now .
oscar makes it 2 for chelsea too easy
let's . go . chelsea !
fuuccckkk yeahhhh ! 2:0 ! come on chelsea ! make it 3 !
goal ! west ham united 0-2 chelsea ( oscar , 34 ' ) 
great passing from what a flick from . then the brazilian oscar finishes . cmon blues
goal !!! chelsea strike again ! 2-0 chelsea !
oscar does it goal number 2 for chelsea
beautiful finish oscar .. 2-0 chelsea
my bets been awful today but the lump on double of newcastle and chelsea looking very good now with chelsea 2-0 up
fuck chelsea
oscar made it look so easy ! up with 2 
what a goal chelsea !
fuck off chelsea
oscar scores the 2nd goal for chelsea . damn it
chelsea 2-0 cfclive
oscar ......... chelsea come on let's kill them
a very soft finish . 
essssh !! good goal chelsea
west ham v . chelsea , it's the cuntstain derby !
chelsea doing it , 2-0 now
gollll de oscarrrr 2-0 ! let's go blues ♥
boom ! 2-0 chelsea and bet 3 is looking good here . keep it up chelsea 
typical oscar goal 2-0 chelsea ... and that is game set and match
that wee chelsea player should win awards ! i forgot his name , the one that just scored
goaaaaal ! chelsea 2 - 0 west ham united .
westham are shite
yeeeaaahhh ittsss 2-0 chelsea
2nd goal 4 chelsea . i tink
well done chelsea
gooooooaaaaaalllll !!!!!! chelsea chelsea chelseaaaa !!!!! oscar with the goal that goes into the bottom left cornner ! chelsea 2-0 west ham !!!
emboaba ! ::: westham 0-2 chelsea 
yes c'mon chelsea 2-0 
goaaal love it
west ham 0-2 chelsea oscar !!!! lamparddd !!!...
goaaaaal 2 chelsea
great finish from oscar ! chelsea 2-0 west ham
goalll . oscar scores . west ham 0-2 chelsea .
oscarrrrr !!!!! yes to chelsea
oscar is chelsea best player this season by farrrr
and now chelsea are up 2-0 . most excellent
piss off chelsea
this could be 5-0 . come on chelsea
if chelsea win 4-0 , they go ahead of us .
oscar in fantasy league and chelsea to be winning half time 
goal : west ham 0-2 chelsea oscar
let's fucking go c'mon chelsea !!!
lucky shot 
currently shitting all over the hammers !!!!! come on chelsea !!!!!!
great goal chelsea
i hope that chelsea can win the match ..
chelsea leads 2-0 
oscar threading the needle into the lower 90 . 😍 
my boy !! oscar 2-0 chelsea 
needs chelsea to keep it like this
chelsea back in business . 😆😆😆
nice strike by oscar into the bottom corner ! 2-0 chelsea
chelsea playing well after international break . that's a pleasant change .
goal oscar ! chelsea 2-0 westham .
i don't like it when chelsea score but if oscars involved its not as bad
chelsea fucking shit up 👍👍👍
kill ' em chelsea
blue is the color🔵🔷 chelsea is our name🙌⚽️
chelsea held the ball for over a minute , ends with a beautiful flick by hazard to oscar who squeezes it into the net . 2-0 chels 24
gol chelsea gooool !
another goal for chelsea
wonderful finish from oscar ... chelsea all the way !!!
oscar with that beauty shot ❤️ #2 -0 
lol mxm westham is just useless man !!! #2 -0 !!!
oscar . boom . 2-0 chelsea . 
oh look . chelsea have been awarded another penalty . now there’s a surprise .
west ham 0-2 | oscar [ 34 ' ] brilliant ! 
plus , i'm missing the chelsea game because of those twats i better get 1/5 tonight or else ...
chelsea are absolutely dominating 
so go ahead and hate chelsea ...... you have every reason to do so lol
i know our season won't be defined by results against chelsea , but we're heading for trouble . one win against spurs is masking a lot .
2-0 to chelsea say wallahi 😨
fuck me , i thought that missed and went ' round the back of the the goal - get fucking in ! we're on a roll - come on chelsea !!!!!
lampard 206 gols for chelsea
c'mon chelsea 
goallllll number 2 oscar west ham 0 chelsea 2 ktbffh
chelsea that goal was stunning !! 
westham got collect today
c'mon chelsea . thrash west ham 8-0 like last time please ....
2-0 chelsea scored
we are ! super chelsea !!!
fc chelsea vs west ham
oscar is chelsea's best player this year wat a goal
goooll del chelsea . oscar pone el 2-0 para los blues ante west ham . 
-i repeat all chelsea fans are clone cunts
sort it out big sam . you are helping chelsea climb above us in the table .
oscar's so underrated , he's by far chelsea's best player
gooooaaaaallll ! west ham 0-2 chelsea . oscaaaaaaarrrr !
it's oscar 31 chelsea- west ham(2-0 ) 
gooaaall ! oscar ! west ham 0-2 chelsea . come on blues !
and like westham they fade and die !!!!!
2-0 already member i said chelsea to win 4-0
gooooooooool man of match ever 
get in ! money is looking safe as houses on chelsea !
nice goal from oscar !! 
great start for chelsea !!
goo chelsea keep up the scoring !!!! 
west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea . 34 ' oscar scores for chelsea !
oscar makes it 2-0 for . simply fantastic work from this brazilian ! his work rate is outstanding ! 
this away chelsea kit looks awful
now thats the chelsea i know
seriously goal from chelsea .. 👌
2 - 0 chelsea going for the win
goalllllll for chelsea ! very good finish from oscar ! go chelsea go !
lets go chelsea ! lets go ..
holyyy , what a goal ! oscarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! bam , chelsea 2-1 west ham . his 6th goal of the season . 
woahhh !! what a splendid goal by oscar ! terry-fic finish ! 2-0 chelsea ! 35 '
c'mon chelsea !!!!
gooooooooooooool de oscar chelsea 2-0 west ham
goaaaaaaalllll hahahaha 2-0 west ham 
this is one of the poorest west ham sides i've seen in a while . allardyce to go for me . 
what the simple goal ! oscar ! . 2-0 already
now , the question is : do i want to watch the rest of this debacle ? 
west ham 0-2 chelsea . what a turn from hazard .
excellent goal by oscar . chelsea 2 , west ham nil
thata boy oscarr 
good sports nite chelsea then froch fight stick ur reality tv up yer arse 
what an absolute peach of a goal by oscar !! chelsea are in full control now smashing the hammers
if you're watching the chelsea match instead of bvb vs bayern you're a jackass .
go chelsea lah cb , goodnight
gooaall !!! oscar 2-0 west ham .
nice goal from oscar 2-0 for chelsea
in my opinion mata shld leave chelsea in january
chelsea with the goal from oscar 👏🙌 
chelsea fans are still quiet though
chelsea 2-0 ... first game of the day looks sealed !
so soon as i leave chelsea score kmt
oscar scores . west ham 0-2 chelsea
chelsea 2 - 0 west ham ! 
love oscar quality player ... shame he plays for chelsea
0-2 chelsea now
if you wear the number 11 kit for chelsea you will score goals .
go on chelsea💙
west ham 0-2 chelsea 
now we have to pray chelsea don't score anymore goals !!! come on west ham . wake up !!!
hah my uncle the spammers fan has come round to watch the football ... i know chelsea are winning but i'm taking great delight in this !
awful westham
oscar no scared tae shoot=goals⚽️⚽️⚽️ 
this chelsea vs westham game is the sort of reason why the ioc wanted to remove wrestling from the olympics
oscar with a great finish . 2-0 chelsea
' 33 goaalllll oscar . chelsea lead 2-0 west ham . 
goallllll oscarrrrrrr wohooooooooo wat a finish , right in the corner ! come on chelsea ! 
what a great buildup to that goal . oscar ! 
atta boy , oscar ! 2-0 chelsea 💙
goal oscar !! leads 2-0 !! way to go !! keep it up !!
oscarr !! great finish ! such an improved player from last year ! 
come on chelsea ! we can do it ! 
2-0 pour chelsea but de oscar
that's our chelsea !
2-0 for chelsea blue is the colour
2-0 goaaaal 
looks like chelsea will go above liverpool :/ ..
maybe well get as lucky as chelsea today !!
niceee silky play oscar scores . 
brilliant build up by chelsea .
goaaaal chelsea lml
if chelsea fc wins this game , i'm going to wingstop
omg oscar . kay chelsea is the best club 
i told ya its a winning game for chelsea . we're leading by 2 goals ! 
buildup out of the back , one-touch up to hazard , who flicks left to spring oscar . he drives , turns and fires low . chelsea well in control .
2-0 chelsea !! oscar doubles the lead !! 
oscar scores a classic goal to make it 2-0 now in the 33rd minute , it is now west ham united 0-2 chelsea fc
football being served justice chelsea 2-1
chelsea in cruise control , finger out verona ! come on the luca toni !
rt for chelsea
my dad supports westham lol
 !! lampard and oscar on score sheet so far . chelsea chelsea chelsea !!!
that goal was coming for he has been for today .
this is more like it !... chelsea ... chelsea ! :-)
well done chelsea ....
chelsea score from oscar ! 34
westham don fuck up !
33 ' - goal ! west ham 0 2 ( oscar ) 
chelsea 2 - 0 west ham . oscar perfect finish
0-2 to chelsea :/ game over
chelsea up by 2
goal ! emboaba oscar junior ! west ham 0-2 chelsea ! 
oscarrrr ... unexpected counter attack .. chelsea leading 2-0 against west ham
yes chelsea killin it
why are all the chelsea players so gorgeous !!! 😍😍
gol de oscar , gol del chelsea , minuto 34 , west ham 0-2 chelsea 
chelsea scoring another is doing wonders for my acca today 👌💰
i don't like chelsea , but oscar , that was a great finish !!
goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea - oscar slots home into the bottom corner , delightful finish ! 33 '
goooaaalll chelsea fc !!! thx to oscar dos santos !!! ( 0-2 ) 
oscar scores an easy and sweet goal for his team .. chelsea 2-0 westham .. ggwh
i can't lie but i used to hate oscar when he first came to chelsea , he couldn't do shit right , but now he's perfect for the team
idk if rubens a chelsea or arsenal fan
chelsea 2 west ham united 0 oscaaaar scores ....... 
chelsea fuck off .
gool de oscar ! west ham 0 - 2 chelsea
oscar scores for chelsea cleanxd
come chelsea lets ' hammer ' them !!!
come on chelsea !
itsgood . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea 
oscar !! goal !!! the new star of chelsea fc ♥
easily best player for chelsea this year
wow , what a goal that is by chelsea
11 oscar !!!!! and he scores !!! good combination between oscar and hazard 
goal : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ; oscar !!
so palace and sunderland who according to the press are doomed are 3 points behind it's looking like another avram type season
chelsea are 2 up and need 2 more to go 2nd ! come on hammers , get 2 goals now !!
oscar is a fantastic player 
hv to ff chelsea's match in bits .... the bvb vs bayern bi serious game ...
only thing i like about chelsea is hazards bum .
go chelsea ! 
chelsea's gonna make me turn my spanish keyboard back on .
chelsea need to sell mata ! too much talent to waste on the bench !
0-2 chelsea , dortmund vs bayern on bt sport it is then !
2-0 
nice one chelsea
goallll chelsea's
2-0 chelsea , should see at least 6 out of the remaining 14 last man standing in work through
what a sweet finish by oscar !! 35 min : chelsea 2-0 west ham 
goal ! oscar ! nicely . west ham 0-2 chelsea .
goal oscar . west ham united 0-2 chelsea . 
this is the chelsea i've missed 
chelsea winning 2-0 !!! well done big sam those crap tactics really did help !! 
chelsea bt west ham after 33 minutes
chelsea juss score 1 more biko n 2nd place is guaranteed 4 us
goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea . oscar 34 mins .
when you need a goal just call oscar ! 2-0 chelsea
2-0 chelsea !!!! west ham need a striker asap 
chelsea you little beauties !! 
goal ! whufc 0-2 [ oscar ]
chelsea gonna run away wi this without breaking sweat !!
oscar !!! cum on chelsea we want more goals
thanks oscar that will do nicely for my fantasy team , few more would be even better 😃 !! 
great goal by chelsea
oscar makes it 2-0 chelsea . game over .
2-0 gg west ham , that's game over ..... see you next season at upton park .
golll oscar west ham 0-2 chelsea 
face like a child , plays like a boss ! oscar ... 
delighted for chelsea 
chelsea have this in the bag quality finish oscar .
aaaarrrrr ffs forgot the chelsea game was on
if oscar continues playing like this , mata will have to force a move away from chelsea in january . the kid's got 5 bpl goals this season .
easy goal for chelsea
look away for a min & its 2 for chelsea :" d \☺/ 
what a player . player of the season so far yet still get hate from chelsea fan . oscar
got to hand it to chelsea , that was some goal by oscar . 
this westham keeper is a parody ... tf is this ? last week against norwich too .. not to mention his tackle on oscar for the pelanty ..
ohh .. what an easy goal by oscar .. wow .. haha .. chelsea 2-0
i have said i see chelsea being a 4-3-3 team
wonderful finish by oscar ... 0-2 for chelsea
oscar = deus do futebol !! west ham 0-2 chelsea
loving this chelsea
2-0 chelsea ! 
chelsea ......... mtchewwwwww
goal ! oscar slides home chelsea's second at upton park . surely no way back for west ham now ?
lovely football come on chelsea .
chelsea is 2nd goal .... good and intresting match ... now watching ..
keep it up chelsea ! don't be like liverpool . muahahahha
gol .. oscar !! westham 0-2 chelsea 
good shit chelsea
chelsea will score more than england's cricket team against us today . 
great 2nd goal by chelsea ! how many passes did they put together ! 
goal west ham 0-2 chelsea , oscar ( 33) . 
ok oscar ! 
goooool !!!!! chelsea 2 - 0 wha !!!
 on fire . oscar follows lampard . chelsea 2 : whu 0
yes ! that's 2-0 to chelsea ! this could become a hammering , ahem .
buzzing for chelsea cause hopefully allardyce fucks off now as ive been praying for it since the day he joined
not betting on chelsea was a big mistake
oscar daddy goal chelsea 2 up
how is possible that almost every goal chelsea seem to score is from a horrible goalkeeping error ?

oscar to make it 2-0 ! terrible defending from . 
oscar 0-2 !!!!! 
ggggoooolll oscar . westham 0-2 chelsea 
it becomes so easy for chelsea
great pass by hazard , and oscar doesn't waste it . west ham 0-2 chelsea .
go oscar !!! 
chelsea have got this👍
it's not a matter of if chelsea will win , it's by how much at this point
magnificent from chelsea . this is what happens when you appoint the best manager in the game .
gooooooool ! chelsea 2 - west ham nada ...' cause chelsea is our name . .
west ham 0-2 chelsea : oscar , mazy run , making mockery of hammers ' so-called defence . rounds collins , and beats jaaskelainen form 20 . saucy .
falling comet goal by oscar gives chelsea 2-0 lead
chelsea 2-0 west ham united
fuck off chelsea ! oscar got me points tho 
lampard has now scored 5 goals ΐϟ his last 4 matches against westham
brilliant oscar , chelsea were bankers today . west ham playing with no strikers were always gonna have problems
osca goal no 2 for chelsea
fantastic goal by oscar , great start by chelsea ! come on you blues 
ooooh oscar with that goal from the top of the box 
oscar shows why he's keeping mata on the bench ! brilliant flick from hazard ! 2-0 to chelsea !
 
woohoo !!! chelsea dominating the game !! 
gooolll ozcar .. west ham 0 vs 2 chelsea
gooooaaal ! oscar 0-2 . come on chelsea !!!!
valeu oscar !!!!! :)
that chelsea goal was unreal .
game over ------- from now on tho chelsea will rape west ham continuosly
goaall oscar 0-2 chelsea 34
west ham 0 - 2 chelsea - oscar 33:22 ' fifth goal of the season
terrific finish from oscar 2-0 to chelsea
dear chelsea : i love you <3 lola
im stuck at barbican on the metropolitan line . cant watch chelsea ! 2-0 now i hear !
flippin channels between chelsea game , dortmund n this coke studio show is really interesting
chelsea be popping clean goals tonight !
west ham are as shit as this chelsea kit
chelsea have body odour .
goal !! oscar doubles chelsea's lead . nice goal . lots of work to do for west ham now . 0 - 2 
chelsea -west(2-0 )
chelsea running through west ham like a hot knife through butter
chelsea vs west ham should be a ' gimme ' when the football fixtures are announced ! embarrassingly easy !!
chelsea till i die <3
 and there we go with the hammers just chasing shadows ! 2-0 blues

i might get off twitter and quit watching the game before i get my ski mask and all black clothes on and visit chelsea fans lol
&& oscar keeps scoring for chelsea 
goal oscaar !!! west ham 0 - chelsea 2
chelsea game
2-0 chelsea , oscar low drill into bottom corner after a classy flick from hazard . west ham are poor . so few ideas when in possession .
2-0 chelsea . i'd say that's game over already .
our defence is shite , and we keep giving chelsea the ball back . what the fuck is going on ?
come on bayern ! come on chelsea !!!
goooool ! oscar ! chelsea 2-0 westham 
terrible defending from hammers .. chelsea 2-0 up in 35 min .. game over .. 
oscar !!! chelsea bluess
oscar , what a goal westham 0-chelsea 2 .
chelsea 2-0 
yes get in 2-0 chelsea 
2-0 for chelsea lets gooo
keep this up chelsea
chelsea 2-0 wba !!!
so , chelsea are going to win this . ok . carry on ....
great finish from oscar ! 2-0 for chelsea now . 
west ham making it too easy for chelsea ... 0 - 2 
go chelsea's we believe in u jose
and he justify jose's decision . 2-0 chelsea . 
oscar goalllsss chelsea 2-0 west ham
get in chelsea 
well done oscar ! come on chelsea ! 
oscar scores for chelsea . westham pretty soaked up
epl – goal alert : west ham united 0-2 * chelsea *( oscar 34 ’) 
2-0 chelsea ! as casual as you like for oscar ! a west ham goal just before ht would be nice .
goaallllll chelsea 
we are bad but how did we get battered by these wow ! how westham not starting diame aswel is scary !
yes chelsea 2-0 , need you to win 
i hate chelsea , but oscar is a real good player ... would love to seem him in barcelona soon
good job chelsea . 2 goals .
you could almost sense that comin . 2-0oscar come on chelsea i want a 6-0
absolutely quality chelsea , that is world class football ! 
the baby face brazilian ... west ham 0-2 chelsea
gooooooooal what a goal from oscar comon chelsea . west ham 0-2 chelsea
oscar !!! there we go !! let's keep it up ! 
goal lampard and oscar westham 0 2 chelsea 
oscar !!!! westham 0-2 chelsea . top
brilliant from the brazilian , oscar ! 2-0 chelsea
splendid goal by little brazilian . great goal by oscar . west ham united 0-2 chelsea .. 34mins ! 
chelsea winning 
the boys the boys chelsea !!!! whoop whoop
goaaaaall ! 2-0 chelsea
 nice goal by chelsea wonder kid(oscar) #2 -0
2-0 ! for sure chelsea gonna win this !
all too easy for chelsea ..
i'm missing the chelsea game ffs😩
oscar's shot drove through the bottom corner of the post ! west ham 0-2 chelsea 34 mins ' played !
too easy for chelsea , bit soft that , lovely finish looking at the replay tho , right in the corner . west ham are crap
goaaaal oscaar :d 2-0 for chelsea .. 
west ham united 0_ 2 chelsea
another . 
so ya chelsea taking 2nd place now for sure
oscar ! 2-0 . easy for chelsea !!
meanwhile chelsea's improving my mood 😆
and it's 2-0 for chelsea !! that's called quality : beautiful build-up and beautiful finish from oscar ! 
chelsea taking it to west ham
don't let chelsea get up 3 !
yes !: ) chelsea is tearing up right now ! keep going boys ! #2 -0
goal ! westham 0-2 chelsea . oscar 
i hate watching chelsea play 
hazard to oscar- wonder , 2-0 chelsea . 
a good performance so far , this is the chelsea i know
so embarrassing not enjoyed my sport this weekend so far :( we need a bloody striker so easy for chelsea
pinalty by lampard 1-0 chelsea
looks like the chelsea game is game over cheeky 70 pound up 👌
chelsea look like they are wearing training kits . also , they are popping many bubbles at upton park . 
i'm predicting 5 for chelsea .
some finish oscar ! #2 -0
chelsea 0-2 up . oscar with the goal . looking good today .
sublime from chelsea what a fast buindup and finch from their own back 4
lovely flick by eden harzard , simple goal by oscar . west ham 0 vs chelsea 2 . welldone 
we are the chelsea and we are supreme .
got new bed , don't have to work tonight and chelsea are 2-0 up ! 
as long as chelsea keep a clean sheet today fantasy team is looking nice
goall !!! oscarrr ..... 2-0 for chelsea ...!!!! goal !!!
way too easy for chelsea .
oscar makes it 2-0 chelsea !!
oscar is chelsea's best player by far ⚽️
jumping ..... go on chelsea can't do this on fb as hubbys on there and he's a hammer lol 
oscar ! west ham are so shit ! @ me
chelsea pumping in some pace and oscar proving he never passes . 0-2 . looking good .
you know your club is a shamble when you are calling for carlton cole to come on 
chelsea 2 already
fuck off chelsea ✊💦
gol de oscar . west ham 0-2 chelsea . 
yessss cmon chelsea 2-0 west ham
this could get embarrassing 
goal west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 34 mins) . a precise finish from oscar after a flick into his path by eden hazard 
brazilian boy oscar makes it 2-0 to chelsea . west ham 33/1 chelsea 1/25 the draw 14/1
chelsea 2 west ham united 0
goal oscar 2-0 to chelsea !!!!!!
give him an oscar ... calm and composed come on chelsea !
haha 2 nil chelsea already 
missing that chelsea game due to sportsmax technical difficulty -_- great :/
gol gol gol ...... oscar !!!!!! chelsea 2-0 west ham united oscar ' 32
hazard's brilliant flick on the ball 
2-0 chelsea get in there 
i'm saying 5-0 chelsea ... west ham all over ...
oscar makes it 2-0 ! come on chelsea !
westham stop tryin now🐣
oscar scores goal ! chelsea 2-0 west ham
oscar and hazard don't rate 😂😭😢 2-0 chelsea
 in scoring a goal not involving diving/ cheating shocka !!
hazard to oscar nd a really good finish by oscar chelsea are 2 nil up .
west ham 0-2 chelsea . kept the ball for an eternity before oscar pounced tickling one in to double chelsea's lead
i guess chelsea have won this game ... meh oscar is getting me points .
chelsea on vous bz tous psg barca madrid man u bayern sucer nous
omg yes !!!! chelsea comeon £220 coming my way . thank you very much 
yes betted on chelsea as well
oscarrrrrrr chelsea is handling there buisness today
2 nil to chelsea 
oscar at it again .... well done chelsea !
that's 2 for chelsea
goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea ( oscar )
go oscar ... great goal ... 2-0 .. go chelsea !!! 
ggggggooooollll ! oscar west ham 0-2 chelsea 
quickly falling in love with oscar . 2-0 chelsea ! come on we need these 3 points , harsh score line towards west ham tho
chelsea makes it 2-0 against westham the goal from oscar . 
chelsea game looks over ... dortmund v bayern it is
and chelsea go 2-0 up so that's the treble pretty much secured :)
too easy chelsea !
delightful 
now change the system its not fucking working !! it didnt work at norwich , why the fuck would it work against chelsea ?!?! ffs
c'mon 
chelsea - double chance and + 1.5 goals come on brahh .. i need to put on my cash forreal !
chelsea rly killing west ham now___
wow what build up and what a finish !! 
and the real chelsea turned up today , thank goodness !! lol
can tell chelsea are going to have more than 3 goals this game
epic hazard to oscar combo for chelsea's second ! 
oscar doubles chelsea's lead with a tidy finish into the bottom corner . 0-2 
well done oscar ! west ham 0-2 chelsea
oscar that was beautiful . slide-rule precision . 2-0 to the chelsea boys 
what a goal from chelsea !!! 
chelsea confirm win
menit 35 west ham-chelsea 0-2
fuck yeas chelsea winning <3
chelsea have strangled the life out of west ham , feel this could be a rout but suspect mourinho has eye on midweek
west ham 0 - 2 chelsea : oscar assist hazard 
does anybody have a link for the chelsea game ?
unbelievable goal from 
chelsea !!! wooo !!
chelsea eliminatin the life out of westham
oscar is a beast this year , still looks about 14 tho 
come on chelsea two more for tonight ti secure second place in the table 
any comment on chelsea haters ??????!!!!
let's get back to second chelsea !
got chelsea to win 3-0 could happen ...
such a simple goal for chelsea .
anybody watchn d chelsea westham match ? cos dis is my most boring match of the day
34 ' whu-0-1 chelsea " lampard ( pen ) , oscar " good jab blues 
chelsea scores a 2nd ... time to pack up and go to sleep .. game is over
chelsea told my mom i'm a druggie and a prostitute ...
this games gonna be 4-0 chelsea
i ain't mad anytime chelsea wins ... after manchester united , chelsea does it for me
goal number 2 !!! come on oscar , come on chelsea !!!
oscar is incredible !!! 
goalll oscar !!! 2-0 chelsea !!!
if chelsea didn't have oscar , they'd be fucked . their strikers are really shit .
perfect pass by hazard to set up oscar .. 2-0 chelsea ..
how can you constantly play with no strikers and expect to get anything 
gonna unfollow everyone who tweets about chelsea tonight . hahahahaha ok jk .
i hate chelsea's victory
thought chelsea were gonna win 2-0 today . 2 up after 33 mins 
ohhhh westham are shit
 :-)
chelsea 2-0 west ham
goal !!!!!! chelsea 2 . oscar ( chelsea ) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner . assisted by eden hazard .
goal ! oscar scores a second goal for chelsea as blues lead west ham 2-0 . terrific long range strike . | 30 ' whu 0-2 chelsea | 
oscar has blossomed under the watch of the happy one . 
fuck chelsea
hope chelsea win
just what oscar deserved , his work has been incredible and chelsea dominating ! happy 
chelsea 2-0 up already ?
need man united tommorrow for 150 pound ! qpr , leciester , arsenal , chelsea , united . 
westham defenders sha .
chelsea leading 2 goals to nil lampard and oscar
clever goal by . 2nd goal for chelsea . guess we can do more . 
i wanna see some big numbers today chelsea
wonderful goal from oscar . chelsea well on their way to a comfortable three points to move themselves back level on points with us .
chelsea fc <3
chelsea 2-0 west ham 
goal chelsea ! west ham united 0-2 chelsea ( oscar ) 
but chelsea away kit is ugly .. or ?
goal !!! oscar scores . chelsea leads 0-2 at upton park .
and its 2-0 to .. really simple finish by 
still open to the possibility of chelsea fucking this up .
can see chelsea getting 4 or 5 here .
good finish there by oscar 2-0 chelsea . all a bit easy for the away team at the moment
looks like west ham have no interest in getting something out of their game against chelsea .
gol de oscar ! west ham 0-2 chelsea .
come on chelsea , 3 , 4 , 5 to ensure the 2nd ...
 : goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea . oscar races at goal before hitting a low shot in from edge of area .
33 mins ' goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea ( oscar )
chelsea merking it
⚽️ oscar 0-2 come on chelsea
all chelsea midfielders re selfish mhen * spits *
 is a ninja 
love chelsea nu dortmund nog come on
oscar with a beautiful finish . passed it into the side netting as he went down . clinical . 2-0 chelsea 35 ' fthematch 
oscar - so pivotal in chelsea's high press . can see why jose doesn't start mata
west ham united 0-2 chelsea
chelsea looks do comfortable in possession
goool de oscar ! west ham 0-2 chelsea
2-0 chelsea , oscar lets get 2 more goals so we go above liverpool
it's safe to say that west ham suck ... chelsea are basically free to roam around the pitch and play their own football
goal : west ham 0-2 chelsea great passing move from chelsea before oscar tucks away coolly from range
brilliant stuff by chelsea ! 
easy peasy oscar scored !! chelsea 2 up :) 
come on chelsea <3
2-0 chelsea , i've seen enough .
i hate west ham & i hate chelsea . ideally i'd like a ufo to appear and beam all the players & fans up & disappear .
brilliant finish by oscar .... it west ham 0- chelsea 2 ..... 35mins
watching chelsea vs westhamunited
oscar is the man ! 
goal againn !!!!!!!!!!! oscar !!!! sambaa !!!! chelsea 2 - 0 west ham
hope than chelsea could score more than 3 goals ..
chelsea 4-0 win looking good 😏
goal ! oscar slides in chelsea's second ! west ham 0-2 chelsea .
chelsea ! chelsea !! chelsea !!! 
beautifuly frm oscar 2 0
2-0 chelsea . oscar . can we win away ??
chelsea 2 west ham 0
gol oscar ! chelsea 2-0 west ham
super frankie and great oz(s)car✌️ 2-0 for chelsea now !!
chelsea go rape these people today
chelsea is winning 2-0 👏
what happened to the exciting football chelsea used to play na ? mxm lemme watch chiefs maybe ndoyeka ubhoreka ..
come on chelsea sayang .
this this chelsea ! ! 
chelsea's on fire ... feel sorry for westham
chelsea are owning west ham ! 
come on chelsea comen on chelsea !!!
see as tl dry when chelsea don dey lead . traffic come free . if na west ham dey lead . d traffic for my tl go ganstar
probably should have put chelsea into my accum ! bah anyway
goal ! oscar slides home chelsea's second at upton park . surely no way back for west ham now ?
oscar makes it 0 - 2 for chelsea !!
brilliant stuff chelsea ! 
wishing chelsea d best tonite game
goaalllll !!!! chelsea 2-0 west ham 
goooolll oscar !! west ham 0-2 chelsea .
we love you chelsea 
west ham-0-chelsea-2- gol de oscar m . 34 !!!
oscar ! come on chelsea !
too easy for chelsea this .
2-0 
this is the reason mata isn't playing because oscar is going in😁 on and off the ball 2-0 chelsea👏
come on chelsea v west ham
feel much better now chelsea are 2 up !
goal ! oscar makes it 2 -o * for chelsea what a simple goal from the little brazilian with his magic touch " 
can't believe i'm watching west ham vs chelsea
job 2 nil chelsea 
c'mon eto'o! stop low-balling me and win me some money ! 
freekick for chelsea !
chelsea don kill dis people sha !!!
go on the mighty chelsea !! ktbffh
get goosebumps when chelsea play/score/win . love em to bits
awww westham paaaa
so chelsea gonna go 2nd place ?
oscar brondong scored !! 0 - 2 .. c'mon chelsea ! gempur !
west ham united 0-2 chelsea 
number 2 !!! keep going chelsea :)
great 2nd goal by chelsea lovely flick by hazard to oscar who finishes it off 2nil chelsea . ⚽
chelsea is gonna take it !
he is having one of he best season of his life so far oscar 
goal west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 34 mins) . a precise finish from oscar after a flick into his path by eden hazard
chelsea - double chance and + 1.5 goals come on brahh .. i need to put on more cash forreal !
 chelsea vs west ham 2013
if chelsea win my mood will dramatically increase
chelsea 2 a 0 .
chelsea the best !
this is the chelsea i know ! come out shootin ! dont stop now
okay getting better 
watching west ham v . chelsea . i don't have a horse in this game , but i think i want west ham to win just because .
goal : oscar ! 2 now for chelsea 
 playing some nice footy 
update : 35 ' west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea .
goooooooooooool do chelsea ! oscar west ham 0x2 chelsea
oscar makes it 2 for blues ... whu 0-2 chelsea
chelsea 2 west ham 0 . 
oscar with the score 
4 results down , chelsea going my way now all i need is 4 goals in the dortmund bayern game
33 min goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea ( oscar )
but 2-0 pour chelsea
goal oscar ! west ham 0-2 chelsea
chelsea for life !!
dang i was hoping for a chelsea draw but obviously less likely
fuck sake hate chelsea so much
oscaaar goooool !! west ham 0-2 chelsea
maldito chelsea- . -
the fear of chelsea fc is the beginning of good football
goooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllll this time oscar scores for chelsea chelsea 2 - 0 up in game 
i love you chelsea !!! 220 quid on its wayyyyy
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) 
oh well . same fuckin shit . 
goal .. oscar with a nice finish ... west ham 0-2 chelsea . dz
gooooaaaallll westham 0 - 1 chelsea super frank lampard ( y )
gooool againt ... !! oscar 0-2 chelsea !!!
chelsea's player of the season so far oscarrrrrrrrrrr 
get diame and c cole on now !! 
i can see chelsea scoring at least 4 tonight
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0-2 chelsea .
looks like chelsea could go 2nd today after all . 2-0 up atm .
great goal by chelsea 
goal . west ham 0-2 chelsea . oscar races at goal before hitting a low shot in from edge of area :. 
i can see that westham aren't equal to the task . started by giving away a poor penalty 
bvb vs bayern mun are in action while lampard helped chelsea 2 clich a goal against westham in first half !
2-0 pour chelsea
get in chelsea come on boys !!!
chelsea better win
 0 vs 2 for life
we hate chelsea and we hate chelsea , we hate west ham and we hate west ham
much better start by chelsea tonight ., 2-0 away to west ham utd .
goal : west ham 0 v 2 * chelsea ( oscar 34 ' ) 
why do teams always keel over for chelsea ???
westham comeback
and oscar makes it 2-0 chelsea !!!!
chelsea scores ! yeah baybeee 
the chelsea game is pretty boring
oscar scores chelsea 2nd now its 2-0
i never saw that coming 
what's jose given chelsea before this match ... there on some shit
oscar makes it 2-0 to , the day after i dropped him from my fantasy team for hazard ... who i hope they give the assist to at least .
goal ! chelsea take the lead over ' insert non-top 4 team here ' 
drogba doesn't play for chelsea anymore oh
what an absolute peach of a goal by oscar !! chelsea are in full control now smashing the hammers : west ham vs chelsea ( 35 ' ) vs 
chelsea scores again ?? , united better perform tomorrow o !
chelsea are bullying weat ham its like men vs boys 
oscar is the only chelsea player i like and can tolerate
35 ' free kick chelsea . not goal
now who said chelsea never scores a clean goal was right . oscar's was a dirty one .
lolzzzzz westham are so crap , how did they beat spurs 3nil away from home ?
brilliant goal by one of our best on at the moment ! good to see after a slow month chelsea , keep it up boys ! 
chelsea at 2 ! i like this
chelsea could have mata hazard and oscar together and whoever they want to put up top that would be disgusting and they would win the treble
we are chelsea
what a no mark club chelsea are
west ham joint 2ndbottom lol 0-2 chelsea
another chelsea goal .. oscar the man
damn u chelsea !
chilling with my hood goons , having a drink and watching chelsea play some nice football . madrid up next .
£130 up already in the chelsea game ... thank you very much lampard and oscar 😆😆😆😆
free kick to . lampard again ! safe .
chelsea haters better die bcos we are winning this match
2-0 chelsea .. controlling the game now
chelsea 2 west ham 0 . oscar made it 2 in 34mins .
if chelsea get 2 more goals they go ahead on goal difference by one
oscar with a pk earned and now a goal for chelsea . continuing to reward mourinho's faith . 
goally goalyoalgaolgaolgoalgoalgo l go go go go go gogo chelsea chelsea 
goooool oscar !! dale chelsea 2-0 west ham
chelsea fans now justifying why mata is being benched . absolutely hilarious .
gooollllll again good job chelsea thank oscar .
dj's want your own radio show at our bds certified radio station in chelsea manhattan dm us for info
chelsea controlling the game like a remote is in their hands !
making brookee watch chelsea , can tell she loves football
chelsea go chelsea go chelsea go
chelsea just running over that team . don't even know who it is .
so westham came to defend ... in their own house ... sigh ... issorai
lampard has now scored 5 goals ΐϟ his last 4 matches against westham 
quality finnish from oscar . 2-0 chelsea !! 
chelsea have soooo many buff players ... watching then get all sweaty and that😍😍👅
chelsea 2-0 west ham
just don't get what allardyce is about carlton cole bullied chelsea last time
chelsea's up 2-0 😁💙👌
real simple finish by oscar , chelsea lead .
i remember chelsea was my favorite epl team
chelsea 2 goals to the good sending me on my way to a £142 7 fold accumulator win 
another one for chelsea ! oscar 2-0 .
fuck sake westham could be a big defeat at this rate
chelsea is playing with some class today ! 
should i watch chelsea's game ?
goal oscar ! chelsea lead 2-0 
westham you cunts your all on more than 30k a week so put a bit of fucking effort in you lazy cunts
 get in oscar !
and oscar makes it 2 - 0 chelsea . on the move . 
whoah ..!!! chelsea 2-0 west ham ' lampard ' oscar
chelsea are decent . west ham are awful
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) 
london derby already won by chelsea - didn't see that coming ...
chelsea 2-0 up now , gives more of a motivation now to win tomorrow .
oscar in fantasy team . torn between my hatred for chelsea and love for points .
lions win and chelsea doing the business against the vermin . lovely !!!
to be fair to chelsea , they really don't have much to beat . in fact are probably looking to boost their goal difference
westham will score ...
 chelsea vs west ham
i should be watching a real match up in bayern vs bvb , but no this man wants chelsea pffft
oscarrrrrrr . great flick by hazard . and a simple finish . chelsea lead 2-0 . 
no passion there !! gifted chelsea 3 points !! i thought they would have guns blazing sloppy defending !!
woke up at 1 , went to watch chelt at 2 , get home and watch chelsea
c'mon chelsea more goals now
how many goals are chelsea going to get before sam decides to put a striker on ?
i see the ref set chelsea on there way again 1-0 penalty now it's 2-0
so no left footed player in diz starting line up for chelsea
i don't give a fuck .. how many attacking midfielders chelsea have ? i love this stable formation ..
looks like chelsea's day
cman the chelsea considering going out now hmmm
chelsea fc lead 2-0 right now 
what beautiful goal ! oscar ! 2-0 . keep it up , more goals . scoring is a ha bit . c'mon 
awesome goal for chelsea . ..
chelsea are the biggest threat to taking first place off us . i fear them more than both the manchester clubs .
literally pathetic . you simply can't play this way against a side like chelsea at home . we do not look like a premier league team 
oscar finds space to run at the westham defence and trickles a shot into the bottom corner . too easy . 0-2 
hope that chelsea could score more than 3 goals ..
westham donating points
34 . west-ham 0-2 chelsea 
and oscar scores 2-0 to chelsea . 
i’d like to thank chelsea for scoring during hog game commercial breaks . 
come on chelsea ! lets get another before half time 
someone is watching the chelsea game in this house > . < ngiyowisa i-main switch
goal ? that easy ? he makes it look easy ! 2-0 chelsea ! 
fuck yes chelsea !!!!!!!!!!!!
oscar just made it 2-0 for chelsea . 
goal ! oscar slides home chelsea's second at upton park . surely no way back for west ham now ?"
this is chelsea ! 
there goes my 2-0 8/1 price boost . this is gonna be about 6-0 . 
classy goal from chelsea 
haircut done , chelsea 2-0 up already .. gonna be a good night !
 taking quick goals . 
just me or were the chelsea fans very quite when they scored ?
you its if the scores !!!
love chelsea forever and ever
my cusion is having a party at chelsea i'm not invited ye ye ye ye yecool
sometimes i cant explain why i'm in love with chelsea .
goal oscar . well assist of eden hazard . west ham 0-2 chelsea . 34 '' 
 5-0 chelsea
goal !!! oscar oasis :d whu 0 - 2 chelsea 
epl – goal alert : west ham united 0-2 * chelsea *( oscar 34 ’) 
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) 
now hazard should get a goal . come on chelsea
chelsea are 2-0 up after all . enough moaning .
i believe oscar die ! nice goal 4 chelsea ... lol
way too easy for chelsea ...
goal west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 34 mins) . a precise finish from oscar after a flick into his path by eden hazard 
i'm soooo happy 2-0 to chelsea
what a goaaaaaaaaaaall from oscar !!!! westham 0:2
nice oscar got a goal too chelsea doing work today 
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) # cfc
it's as if lukaku and sturridge aren't even playing for chelsea this evening .
well this is fun playing against cheating money grabbers with glory hunting fans nice team if it wernt for money chelsea wouldn't be a club
watching chelsea fc lay the smack down on west ham united . 
35 ' j . collins fouls ramires and chelsea is given the advantage .
really poor defending by westham 
goal : west ham 0-2 chelsea . oscar slides home chelsea's second at upton park . surely no way back for west ham now ?
35 " chelsea's second penalty was denied . taken by frank lampard . 50000
not watching the chelsea game .... what's this goal celebration people are going on about ?....
anyone knows what oscars celebration means ?? 
goooollll !!!! 33 ' oscar . . west ham 0-2 chelsea 
west ham need someone up top or chelsea are just going to knock it around the back til they find a gap
come on you irons !. westham united !!
looks like chelsea will get 3 points outta this one
goaaallll oscar ! make it's 2-0 for chelsea !
i'll be happy with a chelsea win tonight cos it means united are put under more pressure to win at cardiff tomorrow .
chelsea scored again
west ham 0-2 chelsea > 
wow what a goal by chelsea . i love the epl :)
westham 0:2 chelsea ! my weekend just got exciting !
want chelsea t win
no striker up front for west ham , 2-0 to chelsea , i'm taking this crap off kmt
chelsea are shit anyways✋
had 3-0 and 4-0 chelsea so can they please calm down until the 70thish minute
it looks like chelsea have got all three points today
i love chelsea football club .
there's been another big upset @ upton park chelsea 2-0 west ham goal by oscar 
westham should be ordered to change this their unattractive stadium jere
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) 
oscar goal chelsea 2-0 west ham 
34 ' oscar scores the second gol for chelsea
goallllll !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oscar makes it 2-0 for chelsea
gooool for chelsea !!!! 2-0 
all is well in the world when chelsea are winning 
epl – goal alert : west ham united 0-2 * chelsea *( oscar 34 ’) 
excellent finish by oscar chelsea winning 2-0 :d
lets go chelsea ! 2-0 
elsewhere . chelsea 2-0 west ham united
screw this chelsea game .. bayern vs bvb
34 ' goal ! oscaaaarrrr ! west ham 0-2 chelsea 
westham is in london right ??... so this is a derby ?? pffft
what a gud play from chelsea , oscar plays skillfully
west ham 0 - 2 chelsea :d now thanks to oscar !
chelsea ferguson's tits are just fucking boring now , seen them too many times
oscar with a nice finish . westham 0-2 chelsea
chelsea up by 2 already ... as usual nothing goes my way we better win tomorrow ...
i'm really digging these chelsea away kits .
chelsea are pissin me off now
there's a bruise on my hip from chelsea's thumb from doing too many j-tosses . i couldnt even feel it lol i saw it in my mirror ha
chelsea score -isabelle runs round the living room shouting goal . why can i train this but not useful stuff like " make coffee " or " wash up "
chelsea number 2 or 3
yes chelsea . you beauties
chelsea are destroying it now
chelsea dah 2 , good !
looking like a 4-0 chelsea game ! still , at least the boxings been ordered .... something i actually give a shit about ! 
oscar with a great strike to the corner of the net . he puts chelsea up 2-0 over west ham . 
chelsea very much on top here . before the goal they were frustrating west ham with their passing and squeezing the opponents .
just need chelsea to concede .
kinda doubt about mata's future at chelsea :(
chelsea currently 0-2 up but no score yet in germany . dortmund putting on a good show despite fielding a totally new defence due to injuries
watching the chelsea game with grandad x
i'm glad chelsea is at least scoring i don't wanna hear the lukaku and sturidge bullshit drama they are all trash
35 ' west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea 21 ' ( pen . ) frank lampard 34 ' oscar
my good friends getting into bpl are turning into either united , chelsea or liverpool fans . where did i go wrong ?
what chance do westham have when they have downing and cole leading the attack
yes chelsea , oscars some player !
west ham united 0-2 chelsea
simple goal by oscar . chelsea now in front by two goal to none . 
what a goal that is by chelsea , must of been about 50 passes in that move great finish by oscar ! chelsea 2-0 west ham
2 - 0 ! oscar scores for chelsea .
chelsea handler could handle my nu .....
oscar winning chelsea fc
amazing chelsea 2:0
yeah go on playing like shit and loose all ur dignity as men to ..
c'mon chelsea , u can do it <3
chelsea should get a tie in this match or lose ... ama 3rd on the table 2mao "
sial chelsea dah dua wtf
0-2 . oscar . good finish . it's all too easy for chelsea . west ham can't keep hold of the ball :/
keeper lit chelsea keep talking kid 😁u can buy a drink now rusty 
lovely weather and chelsea football . perfect morning
chelsea are too good
i wish chelsea would retire number 11 , i love oscar but that number should remain in memory for the legend : didier drogba
goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea ( oscar 34 ' ) 
goooooaaaallll ! good job oscar <3 
i flicc the channel , listen to two post race interviews then come bacc and boom ! chelsea scored twice 👀
chelsea looking strong off the break
so with chelsea pretty much wrapping this game up already that means hull have let me down for £100 
i remember when diame made a good comeback for west ham vs chelsea , but it probably won't happen again this time .
gooooaaaalllll !!! westham 0 - 2 chelsea wonderkid oscar jr ( y )
just me or were the chelsea fans very quiet when they scored ?
ordered the boxing chelsea game is rubbish
come on chelsea carry on like this and we will be back in second in 55 mins !!!!
are you kidding me ? chelsea 2-0
oscar brilliant .... what a goal ... chelsea 2-0 west ham .... 
chelsea lead 2 goal boh ! hehe .
goalll !! oscarrrr !! i fucking love you !! <3333 0-2 ! !!
goall wonderful finish by oscar&chelsea are 2 up . west ham 0 v 2 chelsea 33mins played
you have a guy who tore chelsea apart on the bench in diame why not start him ?
oscarr !! great finish ! such an improved player from last year ! 
chelsea running the show .
some fans want chelsea to win , just because they have chelsea players in their fpl teams . cunts of highest order .
whu & chelsea is so dull i might watch the bvb v bayern game . or i might watch strictly . more competition .
how in the world did newcastle manage to win against this chelsea side ? 
how bad are these early college football games ? i'm watching west ham vs chelsea premiere league soccer .
" goal .. oscar with a nice finish ... west ham 0-2 chelsea . dz "
stick your bubbles up your ass 
can actually hear chelsea sing for once .
 gol del chelsea . oscar a los 34pt . west ham 0 chelsea 2 .
goal : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ; oscar !!
1more without reply and chelsea will be above us 
come on chelsea !!!!
oscar makes it 2 .... goin well for chelsea
2-0 chelsea at upton park ? ouch
only a thug striker can get goals in dis our chelsea
up chelsea !!
2-0 chelsea , so far so good 
chelsea stronk tonight
my cousin is having a party at chelsea and i'm not even invited ye ye ye ye ye
eto'o looks pretty tanned in the white chelsea top
nice come on chelsea 2-0
well says 2-0 chelsea and lampard to score 1st ( tweeted at 1-36 pm ) can see chelsea scoring more .
as much as i dislike chelsea and could do with them losing , this is quite enjoyable ! 
whoop whoop ! up 2-nil ! 
yeaah oscah 2-0 for chelsea 
chelsea just got cursed out by her 5 yr brother lmao
chelsea >>>>>>
chelsea 2 west ham 0 
chelsea 2:0 west ham . i'm missing fernando torres .
very few substitutes for hard work in football ! lets go chelsea - graft !
oscar dos santos . good job dude . thats y i love him : 3 
2-0 ..... i didn't expect westham to win sef
: chelsea games are so boring this season . rather sleep . special on'c'e can't just get it right . 
the best peno ive ever see lampard hit ! 
only just realised how many chelsea fans i follow 
you worry ( as a west ham fan ) that if striker-less west ham conceded early , it'd be chelsea domination . shocking mistake for chelsea's 1st .
we are making this average chelsea team look good . for fuck sake bring diame on and cole !!!
gooooal for chelsea !!! oscar scores ! 34 ' minute , west ham 0 - 2 chelsea 
hazard brilliant .. oscar genius !! chelsea class !! 
unlucky westham 😂
despite hating everything about chelsea .. i want our relegation rivals to get tonked .. it's gonna be a long season at the bottom ! 
the only positive side of not being able to watch the match is knowing that we are hammering the hammers . come on chelsea . ..!!!
chelsea wankers
imagine supporting chelsea and rosenborg , being left without a single proper chant to sing . miserable soul .
the hammers looking a bit shellshocked now but downing managed to get the ball into the box from the left . chelsea clear . 0-2 36m
playing very well here chelsea . a win tomorrow at cardiff is imperative for united . we need to be up there come the turn of the year .
too easy for chelsea
one more chelsea goal should do .
let's go chelsea !!!
so good seeing chelsea on my timeline again
is chelsea playing ?
gonna get relegated at this rate , what's the point ? we don't even play a striker 
chelsea dominating the game
35 ' ) west ham united [ 0 - 2 ] chelsea < england - premier league >
come on chelsea !!!!!!
chelsea football club posted : " goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into ...". reply with your comment or " like ".
wesh han 0-2 chelsea
come on chelsea 👊👊👊💙
chelsea have 3 strikers but none ever score !!
gooooaaal ! oscar scores , 2-0 to chelsea ! 
wow , i just can't believe how rude chelsea handler was on her show about kim . so rude and disrespectful !
goal west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 34 mins) . a precise finish from oscar after a flick into his path by eden hazard 
missed some of the chelsea game cause i had to mow the lawn 😒
sky sports are still sending me ' live ' updates of the chelsea/west brom game from two weeks ago .
juan mata at chelsea : • fa cup • champions league • europa league • 2 chelsea player of the year • players player of the year 
i need to be like contained before i burn down the house from my excitement .... chelsea !!!!!!!!!! 
chelsea killing them
live to love chelsea
oscar make it 2 nil for chelsea . mourinho is happy now
goal !!! oscar scores . chelsea leads 0-2 at upton park .
what a goaaaaaaaaaaaall from oscar !!! westham 0 : 2 chelsea
goalll chelsea ( 11 ) !!!
oscar ! 2-0 for chelsea
2-0 , what a lovely finish that was from oscar . hazard's poppong up all over the place too . chelsea are moving out of sight
goal west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 34 mins) . a precise finish from oscar after a flick into his path by eden hazard 
well this is embarrassing . football ?
carlton cole 2nd half hattrick stuns chelsea and all their fucking fans ...
haha wow . my uncle is watching this chelsea game right . -__-
 to see losing today's game ..
chelsea , city & cardiff all to win for £35 🙏
chelsea making these pikeys look stupid 👏 👍😂😂😂
chelsea v west ham good match 1 #
chelsea's ai is dead without mata
this is whatssap chelsea fc .
well done chelsea lets keep it going !!
west ham 0 - chelsea 2 . i am loving this oscar . he only scores designer goals .
goallll ... lampard and oscar ... whu 0-2 chelsea ... 
 chelsea 2-0 whu . .
watching chelsea play is more agonising than that ' eeeyy ' thing jaguar has on all his jams ! /o\ puuuu !
gol oscar , west ham 0-2 chelsea . fc 
chelsea 2-0 . im so happy :)))
chelsea with the quick w today😁
chelsea must keep a clean sheet .
plizzz chelsea win !!
 whu 0 - 2 chelsea lampard , oscar
coome on chelsea
not being able to watch the chelsea game mask me upset man
gooool oscar !!!!! westham 0-2 chelsea
we are rubbish# 
oscar is just a brilliant player . i shudder thinking of that chelsea with him , hazard , lukaku from next season onwards .
come on chelsea lets get the third !! ⚽️👌
chelsea isn't going to give up a point
yes chelsea !! 👌✌️
we don't need lukaku to win the league :-) 
 have regressed so much since last season . the club needs vision in its management like other clubs seem to have .
at the west ham vs chelsea game supporting arsenal 
much needed good display today , but with this chelsea the game's not over yet
cmon westham im getting bored now
west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 34 mins) . a precise finish from oscar !! 
this is the chelsea iknow !
the man who is keeping juan mata out ' mourinho's no . 10 ' oscar , puts chelsea two goals up . whu 0-1 che 
0-2 chelsea . money in the bank ?
where are you chelsea we were supposed to have a sleepover but i passed out
munched out at pizza express , now it's jd & coke while watching chelsea 👍
this is chelsea
mampus chelsea goal
ht 2-0 ham ( 20 ' lampard 34 ' oscar )
i cant stand chelsea fans
if chelsea get 2 more goals they go ahead on goal difference by one
lovely flick from hazard and a good finish from oscar ! 2-0 chelsea !
come on westham !! 
i have no knowledge in football coaching bt stil hw dare unaeka midfielder six bila striker magoals zitatoka wapi ? mnaniangusha .
it's a good day to be a chelsea fan 
it is going to be a harvest of goals for chelsea today . let's keep counting
chelsea vs west ham , bayern v dortmund , na'vi vs dk , looks like i don't need to study anymore today . 
i'd rather play swell ( sp ) for 90mins than see this terribly boring chelsea game . smh
i already miss chelsea man
c'mon chelsea !
this morning’s cfb offerings have sent me to chelsea/west ham
put this game to bed go get another goal don't sit on the two goals .
oscar score 0-2 . come on chelsea , come on chelsea , come on chelsea
 gooal ! west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( oscar 34') .
chelsea are playing wonderful but i still can't get it what ramires is doing on the pitch . -hb
 tv live
hmm looks like we were wrong about starting xi :d 
being a westham fan is so stressful
chelsea are always so freaking lucky ..
hell of a nice play between oscar and hazard , chelsea up 2-nil at the moment
wasting my sight , watching chelsea match , instead of feasting on porn or something seductive , like watchin , is like watching porn ..
chelsea gol awesome :)
westham being too casual
turned football off no way are we coming back now 
chelsea still in 3rd gear here , west ham here for a thumping
2 - 0 westham don fuck up
someone on this . chelsea stream : " kick it in the goal , kick it in the goal , their goal not our goal , kick it in the goal ."
textbook finish from oscar . pure class 
watching dortmund vs bayern instead , chelsea game kind of boring ... my thinking ... lol ...
well seen as chelsea a slaughter west ham mi can do road then
the owner of chelsea is referred to a vlad putin's " favorite son "
2-0 chelsea put the lowey through the letterbox
not got a clue the only way forward is for a manager who knows what he's doing on the training ground 
chelsea are so much better when mikel plays
160quid coupon up . just won 70 out the blackjack machine and waiting on chelsea on results rush for another 160 ! get on 😁
chelsea go !
very nice individual goal by oscar gives chelsea a 2-0 lead . oscar has now scored against ten different english clubs already in his career .
and that's how chelsea went 2nd 
west ham united 0-2 chelsea .. yeahh !!!
thank you chelsea . easy £50 betting win .
come on chelsea !!! 😁💙⚽ 
oscar ! wow . chelsea aren't gonna lose points \o/
sister watches any football that's on , why everyone has to watch west ham and chelsea with her , is beyond me😒
chelsea are usually terrible away . what is west ham doing
fancy chelsea to put two more on west ham £10 on £ 32.50 bk
west ham 0-2 chelsea . oscar races at goal before hitting a low shot in from edge of area :
it's already 2-0 to chelsea ffs . stop being such a threat .
oscar goolllll !!!! for the blues !! chelsea
goal west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 34 mins) . a precise finish from oscar after a flick into his path by eden hazard "
aw can i be watching chelsea vs westham wen dortmund vs bayern is still on .. m i mad nii ??
oscar dnt u dare underestimate his small body 
this is exactly the type of half we need chelsea .
ah fuck off chelsea i've turned over to dortmund and bayern
0-2 chelsea 
always chelsea :)
missed that goal . was in the shower . but i hear it was good ? go go chelsea !
chelsea and chiefs
and now , to top it all , its raining outside . thanks , . sam out !
devant le match de chelsea 
2-0 chelsea already . great news for and the 
anybody have a kink to the chelsea game ?
loooooooool how are westham making a couple of subs in the 38th min loooooool
amstel in a kronenbourg glass ??? you're lucky chelsea are winning you slut .
so we had a draw and chelsea , arsenal all win .. fucking great
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins )
west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
actually chelsea should play a 4-6-0 formation . since the strikers are lack of contributions and efforts .
balotelli was reported likely to join chelsea this summer
goooaaaaallll from oscar , 34 ' westham 0 - 2 chelsea . lampard scored the fist goal on penalty , 22 '.
8/11 on chelsea you simply couldn't go wrong
no doubt there'll be some idiots moaning that chelsea have another penalty , despite the fact that this one was as stonewall as it gets ...
it aint bad luck november this year for chelsea !
oscar scored and made it 2-0 to chelsea 
i facetime chelsea and jadon answers ..
chelsea will win at least 4-0 today .
oscar is class . gutted chelsea robbed him .
big sam can't you see how much pressure you are putting on your team you have no striker to win aerial battles , hold the ball up , 
hate westham right now
chelsea football
ironically , i've switched off the total rubbish at and am now watching pointless
it just doesn't feel right with west ham , does it ? :p west ham 0-2 chelsea
' 36'live ' west ham 0-2 chelsea ; ' goal ' oscar gets on the scoresheet himself , to double chelsea's lead
oscar is definitely the best of the chelsea brazilians . i love when my captain scores goals . 2-0
chelsea 2-0 west ham
yaaa chelsea 2-0 up go go go score more :)
oh dear 2-0 to chelsea getting hammered no pun intended lol
chelsea 2-0 up and there fans stand in almost silence ...
this is why oscar is better for chelsea atm than mata . his work rate is second to none !
lampard and oscar both scoring within 35 mins , now that's a great start to the game 💙⚽ come on chelsea ! 
had chelsea to win 1/4 aint bad hey lol
chelsea has haters sha be hating on a good team
suckers !!!!!! come on chelsea , we need 2 more goals .
damage control ... by westham 
chelsea playing well
pdp forcing me out of chelsea's match .... worth it ?
super gooll for super frank !! n oscarr yeeaah #3poin chelsea 2-0 whu
chelsea is winning blessed
come on chelsea , hate west ham
chelsea lead 1-0 !!! super frankie 206 
chelsea 2 west ham 0 . oscar made it 2 in 34mins ...
 5 goals in the premier league so far ! 2-0 
going for 3-1 chelsea😏⚽️
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) # cfc
all i've done is moan at westham tonight
 i just cannot be bothered to watch this embarrassment any more . gutless and clueless .
is it even worth watching the second half of west ham chelsea , looks like game over already
personally , i think most chelsea fans and the media are obsessed with mata , better wake up from your fantasy !
we have 2 quality players in rav and downing and that's it , not even a contest so pointless playing chelsea
 whu 0 - chelsea 2 . lampard pen & oscar . utc
goal ! oscar 34 ' | west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea .
come on ! come on ! chelsea fc
chelsea reminds me of ..... nah nothing
mighty chelsea we back !
oscar should be nominated for oscar if he does so then it will be oscar winning an oscar and chelsea will have two oscars 
and people say united are bad for always getting penalties ... 
frank lampard has ended his worst pl goal drought for 10 years , since april-august 2003 
chelsea match so boring . everton match was awesomeeee just now !
gave up on west ham - chelsea .... shite game watching dortmund against bayern now
west ham look so poor , can actually see them going down this season . chelsea haven't done anything special at all & are coasting 2-0
west ham united 0 , chelsea 2 . haters gon hate
pretty goal by oscar . leads 2-0 
ion , oscar and eden link up for chelsea's second . points ! :-d 
someone keep me subconsciously updated on the chelsea score please while i sleep , thanks
out of 11 players @ chelsea only 2 r english n i dnt knw hw england is goin 2 compete in 
penalty to chelsea is trending =d lmao
double trouble for chelsea . westham subs .. 
chelsea better win today
girlfriend just asked whether west ham v chelsea game was a champions league match !! west ham in the cl 
chelsea : is it bad that i wanted to wake up and chug a root beer ? me : okaaaaay ...... go somewhere
chelsea playing beautifully
sad ! no way back for westham am afraid !
tek it home now chelsea , 6 wi seh
goal ! oscar doubles the advantage for chelsea who now lead west ham 2-0 .
pergi jahanam fantasy football . yang penting chelsea menang . come on chelsea . 6-0 please .
good thing my co-wife is winning tonight . the night will be a peaceful one .
great finish oscar , the brazilian attacking midfielder who plays for chelsea .
chelsea 2 - 0 west ham 
someone tell westham we are not mancity ...
33 ' chelsea 2 - 0 west ham ( oscar ) beautiful finish !!! 
watching playing today i must say it will be interesting against chelsea with mikel playing
the draw helped us in a way cos we'll still lead chelsea even if they win ... 
oh wait . i forgot about chelsea . actually , it would be nice if the london clubs didn't exist at all .
oscar is the only chelsea player i like . 
oscar is taking over chelsea's offense lately . mata will be gone after this season or the next . just how it works .
come on chelsea come on cibabat come on !
chelsea always make me proud 
chelsea leading by two goals to nil . aiiiiich
yessss chelsea come on
chelsea are going for a cricket score . when will sam allardici learn that we don't have the players for a ' false 9 ' system .
chelsea keeping it real today . 2 goals in 34 minutes not bad
i hardly ever watch sports , but i tuned into the west ham and chelsea f.c. match . oscar scored beautifully , and this is coming from me . lol
lol westham are shit
i pity those watching chelsea v west ham game . bvb v bayern for real fans
chelsea haven't been great , but they're cruising .
damn you , chelsea !
live tweet chelsea
stuck all my winnings from the 5-fold this afternoon onto chelsea at 4/6 . lovely odds !
this westham though ?
west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea . 34 ' oscar
when retires , we'll be safe because we got 
ok westham ... you suck
i've always loved chelsea , don't know why
best thing about chelsea today . very quick in passing and making decisions . making things happen rather than waiting for them .
i was watching chelsea vs west ham and the electricity
no chelsea fan should tweet again untill the match is over
win by chelsea , man utd and man city will put them all into top 5 spots , pushing southampton to 6th 
were by far the greatest team the world has ever seen and its super chelsea ! super chelsea fc by far the greatest the world has ever seen
yay 2-0 to 
so far it's a boring game .. but fortunately chelsea lead 2-0 over west ham ..
goooalll oscar ! chelsea 2 - 0 west ham 
is chelsea a case of where their best cb ( luiz ) isn't a part of the team's best cb partnership ?
chelsea goal by oscar .. 2-0 west ham ..
who are westham ?
love when westham are losing
goal . oscar . west ham 0-2 chelsea .
jealous with people who watching chelsea's game right now
chelsea 2-0 lovely !!
chelsea killing it !
chelsea are easily still favourites for the league .
anyone know the chelsea and bayern munich score ?
surely chelsea fc now can answer the critics of the evil november curse on the true blues 
i credit the way chelsea are playing to mourinho's freshly shaved head . 
2:0 chelsea . game over . west ham won't overcome this now .
pls stop scoring chelsea !!!
west ham 0 - 2 chelsea goals : frank lampard , oscar
yes chelsea👌
goal west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 34 mins) . a precise finish from oscar after a flick into his path by eden hazard 
goal west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 34 mins) . a precise finish from oscar after a flick into his path by eden hazard 
keep the blue flag flying high chelsea
chelsea turn up#
unusual from an allardyce side , but west ham aren't releasing the ball quick enough from the back . too easy for chelsea to catch them out
why is garbage chelsea on tv when bayern v dortmund is being played ?
6 more to chelsea and westham are in the bottom 3 
this is chelsea !!! ♥
c'mon chelsea <3
full time : west ham united 0-9 chelsea fc 
i'm a chelsea fan for the evening ... already feel dirty haha
now ! chelsea 2 - 0 west ham 
the football we playing i love 
1 more goal to crown a correct westham 0-3 chelsea prediction for me !!!!!.. smiles
★(epl ) match day 12 ★ • west ham united 0-2 ★ super frankie lampard ( 21 ) ★ oscar dos santos ( 34 )
west ham vs chelsea or carl froch vs george groves 
2-0 pour chelsea
yes chelsea , rangers on monday and i win £700 haha !!
in other news bald and beard outcast oscar has put chelsea 2 up against west ham
all chelsea fans can fuck off
what most important is chelsea must seal those 3 points ! don't care who score , anyone can score !
tenacious defending by chelsea heh
proud chelsea fc 37mins 2 goals .......
it actually looks like chelsea's playing 4-3-3
yes maiga gg chelsea
goal !!! chelsea 2 - 0 west ham oscar ( 34 ' )
oscar wat a great finish !!!!!! chelsea leading 2-0 . 
you can see how easy it is for ramirez and lampard to around the field because of the presence of mikel . 
so chelsea won't be losing points ; _ ;
i have heard a lot of names for chelsea but " rent boys " tops the list
goal from oscar !! chelsea 2 - 0 whu .
leaving the tv because chelsea are boring to watch
i know it's somehow late but both super frankie and oscar scored for chelsea ♡
come on 2 more goals ! 
why do commentators keep calling oscar " little " unless they think 5 ft 11 is small .... 
and it's chelsea fc ,.... and by far the luckiest team the world has ever seen ..
fuck the game my moneys on the hooligans kicking the shit outta the chelsea bum hunters .. place your bets
west ham look awful n chelsea in complete control . wank .
chelsea wayyyyyy to good for west ham .
west ham vs chelsea match fucking hell
golden boy :-d 
come on chelsea 2-0 up after 30 mins
oscar gets a well-deserved goal . hazard with an excellent assist . chelsea improving .
goal for chelsea !!!
goal !! frank lampard ( 21 ' ) oscar ( 34 ' ) !!! west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea fc ! keep the blue flag flying high ! 
hull played shit . oh well , chelsea are winning !
chelsea is leading🙌🙌
omg i support you chelsea ! xxxxx
chelsea are usually good at playing it cool when winning by 2 goals . west ham look weak in attack . under 3.75 ball is my pick ( 38min) .
allez chelsea
 goooooo <3
one more goal chelsea cmon
should keep my trap shut chelsea are 2-0 up :(
liking the chelsea i'm seeing here today
chelsea dey hot .!!! 1960bet sure today ..... oooooshey !!! * dancing *
chelsea is on fire !!
33 ' west ham 0-2 chelsea goal oscar !!
if only i could be bothered to check back with the doom & gloom team selection merchants . in chelsea/jose we trust . 
happy that chelsea are winning 👏
chelsea becoming the new man utd i see .....
cooked breakfast for everyone and basically missed all of the first half of this chelsea game
allardyce's tactics are lame . you do not bench diame in a game against chelsea ( ramires , lampard and jon obi )
c'mon chelsea x
wait ... why am i watchin chelsea when dortmund and bayern are playing ??
chelsea dah 2 nice nice .
chelsea break away again but eto'o puts just too much on his pass to hazard .
meh this west ham vs chelsea match is boring . switching to dortmund vs bayern 👍
chelsea playing great football
watchin chelsea vs west ham game how negative do west ham play deary me !! come on you blues !! 
chelsea take control we need more goals and a comfortable win to go home smiling !!!
ok , so as we stand leyton orient , motherwell , peterhead and psg have all won while chelsea are two up . if bayern beat dortmund i win £534 quid .
watching chelsea west ham can't stand the cockney wankers
four fold landed ! just need bayern for chelsea/bayern double !
was thinking where diaby was !! aah he is coming now !!! 
come on you irons , don't let chelsea walk all over you
boring boring chelsea westham by 2 goals 2 nothing . goals from oscar and lampard ( p) .
don't chelsea understand that by starting and developing oscar they are improving brazil's chance of winning the world cup 
chelsea fans 2 dey talk
i was watching chelsea vs west ham and then the electricity drops , just why ?
0-2 chelsea lamp penalty , oscar fouled ... oscar with second
chelsea firmly in the driving seat in this match ... 2-0 now they lead 
i spy demba ba ... is he coming on ? 
why do i always get up when goals are made 
chelsea are shit
mata needs to leave chelsea !!
chelsea's pressing so far has been unreal
chelsea is dominating the game 
double substitution in first half ! thats 
watching west ham united v . chelsea 
go chelsea go
chelsea playing poor football not because they do not have players , the quality is in abundant , but tactically mourinho is fumbling .
oh 2-0 chelsea 
so pleased i am not sober watching west ham v chelsea no striker more like no idea pass me another beer
2-0 pour chelsea pour l'instant 👌 
2 goals in this game and chelsea still in first gear .
oscar makes it two ....... chelsea 2 vs west ham utd 0
oh ouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuui chelsea 2-0 !
calm down chelsea fans lol bless you though
chelsea main manyak cantik harini . especially lampard . super frankie !!
westham go chop am today mehn !!!
diame should be starting for westham
ooooft chelsea's second goal
chelsea on fire !!!
live epl 34 min gone , goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea ( oscar 33 ' ) ( lampard , penalty 20 ' )
heh . chelsea making westham utd its bitch
goooollll oscar !! west ham 0-2 chelsea 
good performance against the potential champions and we had to hand 2 goals to them . slightly disappointed but not to worry , chelsea next 😜
chelsea is just killing it
yes oscar , still hate chelsea though
yup west ham bending over & letting chelsea have it wicha every way they want it . if it was arsenal you'll refuse us entry . nice going pals !
that was his 5th for the season ... chelsea's highest goal scorer ( hazard 4 )
better from chelsea
mine and chelsea's drives home are literally the funniest things ever .
 the pressing from chelsea this half has been sublime . winning the ball back so high up the pitch .
chelsea are killing westham bt arsenal is the team to watch ths season !
chelsea match no " consign " me . as long as i keep winning . #1gaat
this game is getting boring already .... chelsea leading by 2goals
come on chelsea 2 more goals
chelsea on a scoring sumtin
fantastic display by chelsea so far ! come you blues
amazing chelsea !!!
chelsea 2 - 0 west ham . lampard , oscar !
damn chelsea
oh yeee chelsea beating west ham ✊😊
i'm obsessed with chelsea's uniforms .
i'm watching chelsea cause i can't watch dortmund
2-0 chelsea , yes !
goal !! west ham 0-2 chelsea - oscar ! 
boring boring chelsea leads westham by 2 goals 2 nothing . goals from oscar and lampard ( p) .
now : chelsea 2-0 west ham 2013
west ham-chelsea london derby is just as exciting as the merseyside derby , right ?
mikel seems to convince me more season by season , he gives chelsea some structure and allows other players more freedom . 
chelsea scored a penalty was it a dive ?
goal chelsea by oscar .. west ham 0-2 chelsea ..
chelsea are on fire ... and what a ball that was ...
maiga coming on !! no no no ! 
 money can buy you success . bloody chelsea . shit fans shit history
second goal , good job oscar , come on chelsea !!
commander super frank back to goal scoring ways .. go 8 go chelsea 
some teams are very useless , e.g westham
west ham will get demolished by chelsea
westham is fucked up . the're jst giftx the game to chelsea . its almostlike they are scared . jst hope they dnt concede more than 3goals .
come on chelsea if you can get a few more goals ! then we can go above liverpool on goal difference 
watching the chelsea game and drinkin beer with the guys !! :)
chelsea get a penalty ... surprise surprise
this is chelsea !!! ♥
gavb hasn't got a cle , he's a poor manager , chelsea sussed this out quickly .
live commentary : west ham united 0-2 chelsea
wa chelsea lose
chelsea destroy the bubbles
chelsea 2 up already , i'm taking that as a victory , 60 quid up ! not too bad !
diame looks to be coming on after 37 minutes , why not just start him in the first place ? inviting chelsea pressure from the start is ideal .
depressing watching west ham get ground down by chelsea . big sam making bd early substitutions .
watching chelsea play now is making me soo excited for going to the sunderland game ! 
another lovely steal from oscar !!! chelsea all over the pitch
this is a weird spot for a substitution , ballsy move for westham
early subs for westham utd
roomie dropped this one on me : " if i wasn't a chelsea fan ; i won't like chelsea that much ."
chelsea 2-0 al west ham
hazard and oscar shine more tonight . and great try from lampard ! come on chelsea ! 
i call him mate , friend n bro , his number one fan , 11 made it 2-0 chelsea .
well train is delayed at least for 30 min . so i'm watching the chelsea game on tv and trying not to fall asleep 
westham coach is on fire !!!
get in to them they're easy 😎 
38mins played , westham making 2 sub , maiga and diame in , j . cole and collison off .
watching the chelsea vs . west ham united . great way to spend saturday morning ! can't wait for 
you have to worry ( as a west ham fan) , that chelsea will dominate once they score early . shocking mistake for the 1st though .
shoo !! ... westham dey vex oo
chelsea shaking with fear , maiga is coming on !
2 subz in 1st half ? hahahha wuya westham
you know it's going shit when you're making 2 changes after half an hour 
westham coach confused lol
chelsea playing top football !
blues blues blues :d chelsea chelsea !
what ??? double change for westham in the 40 th minute ...
this chelsea game is dead . over to germany i go . dormund v . bayern
its safe to say oscar is the best player in chelsea ..
chelsea look good . big sam makes 2 changes .
double sub for westham
 on course to go 2nd . just 2 more goals needed . 
we're playing so well we're gonna take on chelsea with 10 men 
39 mins westham makes two changes
i hate chelsea . their fans , mourinho , the players and literally everything about them . 
chelsea's away kit is very ordinary .
goool de oscar ! west ham 0-2 chelsea
come on chelsea well done oscar :) 
hazard's shot just goes over the bar leading 2-0
lmaooo ... westham boss smelled a great thumping .. he subbed fast fast !
so chelsea has scored two
i loved it when joe cole played for chelsea !
chelsea taking control early 
when chelsea playing i only see like two or three people on my tl playing but when manu playing the tl will be full of tweets
let me know when west ham turn up , this chelsea training session is getting boring
chelsea 2 vs 0 westham | nice to the blues .. (y ) 
quality goal by oscar ! 
oh shit , maiga is coming on ? watch chelsea ! the come back is on ..... not
chelsea leading by 2-0 . good workk :d
oscar gets a well-deserved goal . hazard with an excellent assist . chelsea improving
come home , chelsea two nil up , nice one
 let's go chelsea !
sam allardyce making 2 changes before half time !! and it's joe cole again ! happened to him at under haha
i believe in west ham dw . chelsea are dead
chelsea plays such boring football , it's effective but puts me to sleep .
tbvh .. mata cant do what oscar does when chelsea isnt with ball
chelsea . goal by oscar
a smatterin of boos from d home support . u can hardly blame them , d self-destruct button has been pushed by westham with extreme prejudice .
3 more goals chelsea ........ we can do this
if chelsea scores two more goals in it will move up to second on 
i'm a chelsea fan but i can't help but like west ham cuz of the movie green street hooligans
 goal ! westham 0 - 2 chelsea ( oscar) .
double switch to a chorus of boos . things aren't right in . but big sam knows what he's doing . 
lovely play between hazard n oscar . chelsea chelsea !
goal !!! oscar scores . chelsea leads 0-2 at upton park .
thank you chelsea
west ham united [ 0-2 ] chelsea : menit 34 " oscar ( gol )
lot of time for oscar , top top player ! 
chelsea football club .
are westham players faggd out alwedi , 2 subs in 1st half
i must say . did your just fade and die ? do believe so . 
chelsea a̶̲̥̅̊ℓℓ †̥ђe̶̲̥̅ way
chelsea spanking west ham , good . horrible club and fat sam is a prick
x factor >>>> chelsea match
joe cole just can't play against chelsea . oh joey ! :')
is it even worth watching the second half of west ham vs chelsea , looks like game is over already
chelsea perform dow season ni :/
did chelsea steal frances jerseys from the 80's , i actually like them
and then chelsea win the premier league !!
chelsea fans singing the cole song there ?
 chelsea vs west ham
do like a chelsea west ham game 
chelsea are playing beautiful football <3 <3
chelsea game is done !
double sub for westham
everton v liverpool would make you think the premier league is the best in the world . west ham v chelsea would be the counter argument
like watching chelsea ...  
double sub no go save westham 2dae
live epl 34 min gone , goal ! west ham 0-2 chelsea ( oscar 33 ' ) ( lampard , penalty 20 ' )
bring on d black men ... westham after 39mins
3 point dalam genggaman . come on chelsea ! 
two subs in 40mins for westham ? hahaha ! that's serious
go chelsea ..
westham ! 2 changes tun yanxo
i miss those days when chelsea was that great !!!!
cooking lasagne from scratch , drinking sam adams & watching west ham vs chelsea on my ipad . who says men can't multi-task ? 
two teams plus the chelsea game off 14 grand . gutted
double substitutions in the first half are never a good sign . seems a bit harsh , you're against a decent chelsea side after all ...
pergh berderettt . liverpool . arsenal . chelsea . allblacks phew
why would anyone watch the chelsea game when a rematch of the cl final is on ?
go on chelsea , dirty hammersssss love watching them get spanked !
chelsea 2-0 yeaaaaaaah !
chelsea looking good
double substitution for westham !! omg :o
west ham are so poor , chelsea can score as many as they want here 
you know you're struggling when you make a double-sub in the first half ! 
comeon chelsea 
chelsea must win now
😂😂😂😂 west hms two subs before half time . like say they really had a chance of beating chelsea 😕😕
no fucking sympathy for west ham playing no striker at home and i hate chelsea
so westham are 2-0 down and bring maiga on , what the fuck is sam doing
double sub from westham : diame and maiga on for collision and joe cole .
come on chelsea
that was a bit of a mixu with the defender for chelsea's 1st goal
o . o westham mek 2 1st half subs & they aren't injuries
that's why i hate chelsea there so fucking lucky !
oscar ) 40 ' west ham 0-2 chelsea . 
everyone biting to my chelsea for £2500 bet , when i meant to put £250 , get out to everyone who shagged it
game changing substitutions . im going for west ham 8-2 chelsea
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) 
wait , where chelsea fans boooing cole ?!?!?!?!!!!?
has big sam been talking to jose ? joe cole is going to be pissed ! 
chelsea scores 2nd goal ... i won the bet :d
double change for westham before half time 
hazard is over rated 
chelsea making me smile
chelsea giving west ham the work
stupid westham .
hazard ! what are you doing !?? 
cmon chelsea beat the hammers by more :) super frank lampard does it again
only just found out that it's 2-0 to chelsea !! lampard and oscar <3
please retweet : chelsea’s goalscorer today , oscar , selected for the lineup by 80% of fans 
brave substation by big sam 
joe cole taken off inside the first half lol , remind me what he's won since leaving the bridge 
been a very long time since chelsea played this way . intense tempo stitched with intricate passes .
it's been a walk in the park thus far for chelsea
free mimosas @ brooklyn industries on 7th ave chelsea
collison thoroughly enjoyed his 40 minutes competition prize to play for westham . dog and duck utd for him tommorrow now .
goal ! oscar . chelsea 2 
i said chelsea 3-0 think it could be more by the sounds of things
yeah ! chelsea are doing some work against the hammers 
good chelsea
20 ' gooaal frank lampard west ham 0 vs1 chelsea
get in and straight back out ... bout time i showed my face at black horse i suppose 😝⚽️
thats what happens when u play chelsea u use a double substitution 5 min before halftime lol silly
no serious football fan would watch the chelsea-wham game when dortmund-bayern is going on .
suprised that chelsea are winning 2-0
diame and maiga , those guys are game changers . chelsea , beware !!!!!!
this mumu westham coach thinks last season and this season are the same .
that's why i got oscar on the back of my chelsea shirt 
goal ! west ham united 0 , chelsea 2 . oscar , right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner . assisted by eden hazard .
goal ! oscar slides home chelsea's second at upton park . surely no way back for west ham now ?"
chelsea you don't need mata , give him to us pls . it won't mata anyway .
away points are what i love most ... dnt mess this up !! 
when did chelsea score again ? i missed that , oops
chelsea is gonna win 3 nil
fat sam hasn't got a fucking clue . disgrace 
just found out even if chelsea wins we sill on second place .
imo chelsea should play without a striker they never actually use them and they have too many quality creative midfielders on the bench
owen hargreaves ' commentary on the dortmund/munich game tempting me to turn the west ham/chelsea procession back on .
chelsea wicked sharp .
sad watching a west ham team with no firepower being picked apart by a chelsea side who have barely broken sweat .
oscar definitely not d biggest in terms of size but my word that guy makes strong tackles than any other chelsea player 
go chelsea ! ♥
the only thing missing is ps3 controller from sam's hands .. you okey ah coach ? 
oh piss of chelsea you bunch of scumbags
joe cole chelsea legend ! throw that shit jersey lad
turn the west ham chelsea game on and see cole being brought off after 40 mins ????? why ?
i sense this is gonna be a highscoring game for chelsea
i stand to be corrected : watching chelsea's game is same tin as watching a gay porn '' disgustin .
i love chelsea .
maybe he made the double sub because chelsea will be fresh after ht .
chelsea show flanders
 ♥ ♥ ♥ tonight chelsea will win :d
oscar strike make it two for chelsea 
you know you're playing shit if you get subbed off in the first half ! 
back home , waaw chelsea 2-0
chelsea players look out of sorts .. its either their tired or they genuinely don't want to play today
all these west ham fans moaning oh stfu you try playing against chelsea then ?
come on chelsea !!
2 changes for westham at the 40 ' minute .
ima take jason's chelsea jersey haha
double substitution before half time , i don't think it's going to help today though . can see chelsea getting at least 2 more
westham are in trouble ! 2 sub under 40mins
after chelsea fans will say hazard is a world class . let me hear word joor .
chelsea arent pissing around here !
joe cole just walked off after being called off ... can't say i blame him . 
second half of arsenal and now watching chelsea game . doing my nails and getting ready for dr. who
say what you wanna say about mikel but chelsea are better with him playing
i see chelsea fans are booming now ... wats next ????
joey .. come back to chelsea
im with chelsea and borrussia . 
now chelsea 2-0 west ham 
how can anyone hate this chelsea squad .. especially with how we outclassing west ham atm .?
although people might think oscar is chelsea's star of the season i believe hazard is he is so effective
west ham making a double sub 6 minutes before halftime…interesting move… up 2-0
so difficult to switch between bvb's game and chelsea's game .
let's go chelsea ..!! 
west ham 0-2 chelsea : brazilian starlet oscar nets from outside the box , sliding the ball past jaaskelainen
risky strategy from hope it pays off .
muck's got her first car , town won , dominoes for tea , baking something for dessert , chelsea winning ( as of rn) . good day .
fuckin hoping chelsea dont score more than 2 la or we third jheez
chelsea is that neglected kid whom you notice when he/she farts
i want to move out of chelsea
r . i . p westham
west ham 0-2 chelsea -(lampard oscar )
much rather watch the dortmund v bayern game than chelsea . bloody bt sport !
chelsea is wining the ball bacj in such good areas !!
old joshy boy needs to fuck off back to chelsea useless prick
2-0 to chelsea ! what a goal from oscar , his 5th goal of the season ! chelsea dominating , a good easy 3 points should be coming ! 
who the hell is watching the chelsea game when there's dortmund vs bayern on ?!
joe cole a chelsea >>>>>>>>
calling in silence x chelsea grin
maiga's last goals for west ham was the 3-1 win over chelsea last season at upton park ..
nice little finish from oscar !! come on chelsea , don't let the november curse strike again ! 
congratulations ate chelsea and ate krztyn ! ^_^ <3 you made me so happy and proud . <3 thank you for bringing joy to my heart !
taik chelsea . lol . chelsea leading wey
no faith in the formation and now a double substitution before ht . pathetic arrogance to think you can beat chelsea with no strikers . 
why is ' penalty to chelsea ' trending hahaha
fuck watching chelsea - west ham it's all about bvb - bayern
i have a feeling its gonna be a goal feast for chelsea
westham make a double substitution at the 39th minute .. surely ? that is a big gamble by allardyce . sounds stupid to me
goal chelsea . oscar 
's intensity and pace is impressive tonight ! that's what i wanna see week in and out 
switch over from chelsea's game to bayern's
chelsea's midfield > anyone else's .
westham defending so far is very suspect
some of the cheesy posters that chelsea and united fans are actually tragic
if chelsea win this game then bury drawing instead of winning has let me down for £1329 off a quid . never done accumulators but i will now
the fact " penalty to chelsea " is trending shows you the level of incessantly fucking dire football commentary you find on twitter .
yes maiga is on ! 
why i thought west ham could hold chelsea to a draw i will never know . 7 out of 8 predictions isn’t a bad effort though !
50 min more to go chelsea !
barcelona pinalty , arsenal pinalty , chelsea pinalty .... pinalty ohh pinalty -_- : v
wba a pressure chelsea defense tho 
westham making a double sub with 39 mins gone 
chelsea , keep the ball rolling .
probably to keep up with chelsea's physicality .
goal !!! lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea ( 21 mins ) 
west ham make a double sub as j . cole and collison are replaced by maiga and diame . home fans not happy . | 39 ' whu 0-2 chelsea | 
well westham beat sup*s at spu*s ... i'll take that
really west ham ! 2 sub in the 39th min !?!?!? i would hate to be the sub players . 
chelsea are winning this by virtue of being less shit than west ham .
chelsea 2-0 goood
sam allardyce just made 2 subs with 6 minutes left in the first half , i know their 2-0 down to chelsea but what the fuck ?
 you can win this morning :)
them subs just goes to show that fat sam doesn't know what he's doing .. 😣
i doh like wat chelsea doin my team :'(
double substitude for westham before halftime ! 
lets just say westham come back in this one ... won't that be a wonderful way to end the saturday ?
sexy football by chelsea
chelsea smashing it up !!!
been watching nice matches from everton-liverpool and arsenal-southampton .. too tired to watch chelsea but good evening anyway
chelsea are just strolling through this game , will probably end up four or five .
west ham fans have booed frank lampard for 12 years . chelsea fans sing joe cole's name . 
not watching chelsea's game tho !
maiga - no goals in 14 . last goal against - chelsea . who writes these scripts anyway ?
watching westham stresses me out mate 
well that's chelsea done now man utd to win
oscar makes it 2 for chelsea
chelsea got this
can we have west ham fans every match . they bring out the best in lamps . 
chelsea are corrupt their owner is a corrupt cunt
if can keep the score in single figures will allardyce keep his job ?
would rather have seen carlton cole come on myself . he bullied chelsea's defence last season .
i love football as a female my interests in it it so much im a die hard chelsea fan anyday all time
how comes i don't see nuh chelsea fan a rave bout the 2 nil lead ....
westham making two changes already in the first half ... lol
love watching chelsea play on saturday 😍
odd they went double subs this early , are we clearing the bench today ? 
i don't understand it our team is barely different from when we beat chelsea 3-1 yet we're a train wreck here
come westham get it together ! at least savage a point !
boleyn ground is falling down falling down , boleyn ground is falling down , with chelsea
porno king looks more russian than chelsea's russian owner 
i don't like texting unless it's you , aly , or chelsea
nah , cant watch chelsea's match , prefer xfactor 👎
this chelsea match is dry
forza chelsea !!! keep calm and love chelsea 
yass psg won and chelsea are winning👏
this game is pretty good 
if chelsea plays like this all the time we will beat anyone !
got a right sort sitting next to me and he telling me his passion for westham .. in love 😍😍
chelsea's winning che 2 - 3 west brom
is eto'o playing ?! hahah .. what a joke ! i thought chelsea plays with no striker ! 
lucky arsenal win but deserved for their chances chelsea looking strong 
frank lampard " my chelsea goalscoring record may stand for 50 years . unless we sign messi in the next year or so ."
2-0 lets go chelsea
chelsea looking to boost their goal difference to take them up to second
go on chelsea !
chelsea are a bunch of cunts and were just useless .
well that's west ham v chelsea turned off ! why take of joe cole ?!? nothing decent left to watch now
all too easy for chelsea
dunno if u hav noticed .... seems chelsea changed their mode of play for good 
one win in ten for west ham including defeats to norwich , stoke and hull . conceded three to everton , man city and likely chelsea . spurs 0-3 .
chelsea killing weekend games since forever .. boring game even with the goals
we love you chelsea we do , oooooooh chelsea we love you ..............
i want to watch chelsea but my brother has taken charge of the tv ):
we're in trouble against chelsea so we bring on our super sub : maiga . jesus christ .
wtf just happened ?!.. subs that early 
 pls rt !!!!!
refs get things wrong , it's hard when decisions have to be made without replays . but action needs to be taken against cheats 
2-0 up and west ham making two subs by half time . chalking this up as a chelsea win .
no doubt about it that john mikel obi is d best midfielder chelsea needs cos the midfield is so solid .
omfg i'm watching mena suvari's ep on chelsea lately and damn she still looks great hfs
we don't need a running commentary off the game you have been a chelsea fan for a day and think you know the team inside out
hazard got an assist for chelsea's second goal .
sam allardyce is forced to make 2 early changes in d first half . chelsea up with 2 goals ... good job lads 3pts with maximum goals .
chelsea is just being lucky , cause they are playing absolute rubbish
this is the chelsea we all know !!
chelsea are playing some classy stuff !
hazard there with the cheeky bergkamp touch/flick and oscar with a precise finish , ey up chelsea
goal !!!!!!! oscar ! | whu 0-2 chelsea 
 
2-0 chelsea . come on irons !!! get it together .
 ... neva .. fails ., me
still don't know why westham made a double change in the 39th minute .
no matter how chelsea tries they cannot catch up with my gunners period 
chelsea 2-0 up coyb ! 
slept in for the 1st time in a long time ... sisters home from iu ... mom's cooking .... chelsea match . fantastic morning . 😄
i don't see how bringing on is going to help though ... 
great move chelsea 
coolin ' wid my dad and broski watching this chelsea match
oscar will be a chelsea legend
chelsea make my fucking blood boil 😂 cunts !!!
come on chelsea fc ! 
southampton lost just now .. chelsea .. you better win and go rank up to the 3rd place ..
away win in london for chelsea then champagne tonight
chelsea are just a class apart today !
in love wit my team rit nw oscar is a wonder boy fc
na wa o even dead chelsea de win 2-0 and these dortmund guys no fit give us 1 goal
dammit chelsea winning 2-0 fuuuuuuuuuuucvkkkkkkk
dortmund vs munich seem more interesting than chelsea vs west ham so ...
joe cole goes off , not looking happy about it . deserves our respect - part of the chelsea revolution 
great shot by eto , great save my jeaskalinan . chelsea 2-0 west ham
2-0 pour chelsea
now chelsea lead :) 
great play from chelsea . good save .
come on chelsea if you can get a few more goals ! then we can go above liverpool on goal difference
we're the chelsea and were the best !
lovely play chelsea
having run out of ex hammers playing for chelsea to boo they're now boo-ing their own manager and substitutions . shit club shit fans .
yeahh chelsea !!
some of the stuff chelsea are playing 
making it far too easy for chelsea ... coyi !!
lovely day chelsea ....
chelsea are looking so sharp . 👏
chelsea taking the piss out of west ham then , christ .
nice job oscar .. chelsea 2-0 west ham united ' 40
come on chelsea !!!! 4life
chelsea is just putting on a clinic 
chelsea nah mek nuh sub till the 65th minute zeen ... we win .. west ham a get roun 7
shower and then watch the rest of the west ham v's chelsea game 'tbothernow
fml westham won only 2 games this season
chelsea are lookin slick
there's actually a game on my tv !!!!! lets go chelsea 💙💙💙💙
easy 3 pts for chelsea today
this is why i shouldn't be on twitter on match days because idiots ' giving up on west ham if we lose this ' really ?! its chelsea . give up .
oscar is the best ' number 10 ' at chelsea * cue hatred* .
chelsea vs west ham or bayern munich vs dortmund ? wish one i want to watch ?
chelsea has superb so far
chelsea totally bossing this game at the mo 
romelu lukaku , daniel sturridge would have solved chelsea striker conundrum 
gooall oscar , chelsea 2 - 0 west ham united | good job 
chelsea popping the ball around rather naughtily 
chelsea is giving west ham the d .
go chelsea go chelsea
hazard flicking westham apart brilliant !
west ham being completely worked by chelsea right now .
am luvin da chelsea game result so far jst like any otha chelsea fan 
chelsea playing some lovely football now .
 has excellent control of this game , very mature and sharp playing against 
double sub from westham 
chelsea are all over west ham keep it up lads
chelsea is putting a show on for the fans . this shit is sexy
2-0 chelsea , easy as ... now watch west ham score 3
chelsea is just playing with west ham
come on chelsea
chelsea playing some sexy sexy football right now !
2 subs on 40mins ... chelsea are taking liberties ! shock ! 😂
this west ham/chelsea game is too dead lemme tune in to borrussia vs munich
just ordered chinese and the fight ... chelsea game now and then abit of fifa tonight is gonna be a naughty night 
chelsea are taking the piss
every match the keeper or a defender does do some cunt for chelsea to score
the only good thing about chelsea winning is that it pushes them hammers further towards the bottom 3 and hopefully relegation
chelsea putting a show on now indeed
they sold out in the chelsea boots i want😭😭😭 only have them in green but ew no thanks
the traditional way ? great football ? no , get relegated every other season 
having to describe yourself in one sentence is hard ... all the brains of hillary clinton with the alcoholic tolerance of chelsea handler ?
maiga is that a joke the kids like a lost puppy pissig into the wind here !!! 
must say chelsea looking really good , still fear them more than arsenal
chelsea on fire 
chelsea >>>>>>>>> 😍
wow here's something you don't see too often on farmer tv 
come on oscar . come on chelsea
great play from chelsea and great save by jussi !
40 ' : west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
can't see anything coming from this double change - sorry . would have liked to see cc instead . 
watching the chelsea v west ham game with my nigga trenton
swagg with chelsea
it's like a training game for chelsea
go go chelsea
chelsea playing some good football today
chelsea looks solid today . impressive showing so far .
thank uu lampard + oscar = very happy chelsea fan
so chelsea lead 2.0 , looks like it was rotherham who played against 10 men most of the game cost me £120 ! pisses
wtf how does chelsea score
one day i want play with chelsea ♥ 
too bad that lewis qualified p5 . hopefully he can do well . at least chelsea are winning 1 
chelsea are pinging this round lully 👍⚽️ 
jk i love chelsea
decided against watching any more of west ham vs chelsea . both highly unattractive teams to watch .
holy cow , chelsea really is on top form tonight . how many chances have we created ? 
watching west ham vs chelsea ..... chelsea is killin
looks like chelsea are gonna have an absolute field day against the team that beat spurs 3-0
dnt want to watch this chelsea match
go chelsea ....
how many times did chelsea beg joe cole to stay ?
come on chelsea let's make this embarrassing for them 
can now see this being a high scoring game for chelsea
west ham united @ chelsea . i go for neither cause am a manchester united fan ! 
when chelsea play proper football it's so much better to watch
 chelsea vs west ham united
hard to watch this chelsea game when it loses signal every five seconds
chelsea is going ham man 
my saturday night = west ham v chelsea match , santa claus the movie 2 , xfactor , i'm a celebrity then carl froch v george groves match . 👌
ktbffh !!! come on chelsea 206
goal !! oscar makes it 2-0 chelsea !!
now this is the chelsea we all know and love !!
fingertip safe by jussi jääskeläinen after a class shot from outside the box by eto'o . still 2-0 chelsea .
cole surly should be on rather than that crisp maiga 
chelsea attacking today >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
chelsea just drew a pentagram ... what r they teaching her in first grade
calmly sitting back and watching chelsea take charge
looking sharp in november and right after int’l break ? it’s bizarro chelsea .
good defender from chelsea !
one more goal brings us to second , three clear goals plz chelsea
this game boting boring .. westham need to score 2 so it sweet
eto hits a shot which is routinely saved . niall quinn : " chelsea are putting on a show now !"
come on chelsea fc ( y )
wohooo come on chelsea !!!
come on chelsea we want more goals 
arrrrg chelsea is on fire ! take it from a red devil .
should've took demel off . he's having a shocker 
goal . . . southampton 0-2 chelsea fc -lampard 21 ' -oscar 33 '
the player chelsea loaned to everton has 7 goals
this is the chelsea i know and love , effortless football
love seeing chelsea play
 firmly in control . looking rubbery .
another lampard goal to add to his talley ( shut the plastics & haters up again ) and then a beautiful oscar goal .. chelsea fc we love you
eventhough chelsea dh score 2 , but still dortmund lawan bayern lagi best 👍
keep it up chelsea playing brilliant don't sit back
whu 0 che 2 <3 go chelsea go <3
42 ' chelsea asking all the questions as s , eto'o forces a save off the hammer's goalie .
back from a wedding & chelsea is winning .. jacob arkorful & elizabeth asamoah , wishing u a happy married life ..
ravel just skinned the entire chelsea mid
goes to have dinner chelsea score , typical
can chelsea fuck off
i dont know why i hate chelsea ....
fat cunt frank i hate chelsea
barclays premier league ( matchday 12 ): west ham 0-2 chelsea ( first half )
don't think i've ever arranged to meet chelsea and she's been on time , like ever
chelsea avin a stroll at upton park
chelsea are in control of the match now
but like west ham they fade and die tottenham always running , arsenal running too we are the chelsea boot boys and we’re coming after you
chelsea playing really well !! deserve the lead and think we can go on and get more !! 
i'm loving the fact west ham are losing ... but .... i am hating the fact chelsea are winning .... 
west ham are making chelsea look good . joe cole is finished at this level
chelsea vs west ham
azpiliqueta is really hitting some amazing form for chelsea
fancy our chances against chelsea next week , we missed lovren today 
wanna cry ? tengok match chelsea . you wont cry xd
diame the beast about coming on for westham before the break .
this westham is just a useless fc .
azpilicueta of life ! this is one of the most mature chelsea performance i've seen this season .
chelsea's parents love me ! god there the greatest ! they where making me potato salad :,)
chelsea 2-0 westham lets go chelsea
i have to watch the chelsea game !!!
i basically got tickets to see chelsea lately and i can't go .... lmfao
shit cunts chelsea rent boys
scoring midfielders , non-scoring strikers 
come on chelsea !
chelsea is so much shyte den
west ham are getting completely out worked and outrun the midfield . chelsea are a good side , but they're better than this .
westham manager trying to do a mourinho 
chelsea get every decision
my name is chelsea & i'm a slut
morrison nearly done a what he did a spurs but a chelsea player was there .
how tf does chelsea score
like most chelsea fans i disagreed with mourinho freezing mata out but when you see hazard and oscar combine like that ....... 
if chelsea win everton have let me down for 290 of a quid 
sat on row f tonight for the fight . quite a few chelsea around .
just woke after sleeping all day . missed two goals . fuck sake . well in chelsea though . sleep pattern has been fucked by this leg injury .
 west ham united vs chelsea
dont fuck this up chelsea ! 
i'm wit u on dis niccur : i'd rather play swell ( sp ) for 90mins than see this terribly boring chelsea game . smh "
yes chelsea 2-0 
chelsea is looking good
chelsea fc goes ahead 2 - nil .....
heavy rains . no dstv signal . please update on chelsea vs west brom match
morrison is confusing chelsea defence !
morrison destroyed 3 chelsea players so easily :o
 2-0 west ham united fc <3
love hearing westham are losing😏👏
so cheer us on through the sun and rain , cause chelsea , chelsea is our name !
hope froch kicks fuck out off that chelsea prick groves tonight
azpilicueta saves chelsea from another morrison blitzkrieg
fk your chelsea v west ham ! bayern v dortmund is a much better bet !!!!
chelsea are cruising 
this has been vintage display from chelsea tonite .
happy the blues are winning but sad for one man mata bc oscar has end his carrier in chelsea and 14 at risk  
2-0 love that chelsea !!!!!! 😍😍
chelsea take the lead ..... c'mon dortmund
hope chelsea can keep the score
satnite didepan gadget liat west ham vs chelsea ...
congrtz chelsea . i'm not chelsea fans . i'm . haha
need to go watch chelsea again soon 🙌
questions asked of jose mourinho this week . chelsea responds with 2 goals in 1st half 
i wonder if lukaku will get first team football for chelsea next season , he some talent
chelsea must be crapping themselves now maiga is coming 
love it when chelsea are beating west ham , they are scum ! 2-0 ! oscarrrr ! :)
i'm stupid sha ... needed a cure for boredom and here i am watchn chelsea's game .. smh
sleepy but still supporting for chelsea .
gold , sullivan and allardyce . no bloody striker in the summer ? relegation is a real possibility because of your poor planning . 
see what you've done , ? you made me tweet about doctor who . next , i'll be on about the x factor or something .
typical chelsea getting all the decisions mind
2-0 up for chelsea , now waiting on the munster men 
chelsea's jerseys are amazing
west ham getting hammered by chelsea . guess it's time to go home
west ham united vs chelsea
chelsea just won me £140 ;)
penalty chelsea . no card ?
wow , i just can't believe how rude chelsea handler was on her show about kim . so rude and disrespectful !
joe cole getting subbed against former side chelsea after just 38 minutes . humiliation . hard not to laugh .
watching chelsea here- safc have nothing to be worried about when we play them in 🏆 like ... 😉
c'mon chelsea
pub in edinburgh got 5 screens showing football , 4 showing chelsea 1 showing dortmund game , i mean really
chelsea match
right lads we know chelsea have won so y'all may as well put on the bruins game . 3 mins in .
the ref as usual is so favourable to chelsea
chelsea fc shall win this game againsit w . ham .
chelsea till i die i'm chelsea till i die i know i am i'm sure i am i'm chelsea till i die
the referee is well up chelsea's arse !
come on chelsea !
rarely do i talk about football , i don't like chelsea but now that they have eto i basically have to ... 
2 subs on 40mins ... chelsea are taking liberties ! shock ! 😂
chelsea is ahead but beyond i'm giving a fuck . is just 17 hours and 15 minutes away . joy mohun bagan ! 
chelsea . it takes a special sort of talent to absolutely wipe the floor with the opposition without creating any excitement whatsoever .
chelsea youth team could beat our team tonight
loved oscar at internacional he was fantastic with them as a kid , but oscar is even better now at chelsea , such a quality player ! 
i'll finally download a chelsea motd video . seems like ages since the last one ..
nearly home ! after an eventful night in chelsea and a horrible morning/day throwing up every bit of my stomach 
anyone gets within 2 yards of a chelsea player and they fall over 
chelsea is my life *_*
chelsea are winning and arsenal won , still happy we got one point out of ' the most exciting game of the season'? 
westham is fucking up .
chelsea runing riot atm and 
anyone chelsea fan who doesn't like joe cole ain't a proper fan
chelsea ! chelsea ! chelsea ! the blues sky .
nw the chelsea game
if ravel had scored that chelsea would've bought him in january . 
chelsea are bossing it
half time !! west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ! 
romelu lukaku and daniel sturridge would have solved chelsea striker conundrum 
my dad needs chelsea to win for £950 lucky sod
even when we are away , the chelsea fans are always the ones making noise :""" d ke utwa bone hela
switching between xfactor and chelsea's match .
23rd november 2013 and someone is surprised that eto is playing for chelsea ?
nice west ham 0-2 chelsea
back from shopping in chelsea 😴💁👜
looks like a chelsea win
beta for this day : arsenal , leverkussen , psg , celtic won chelsea leading 2-0 other games this evening : r . madrid , a . madrid , napoli
c'mon chelsea !! 2-0
chelsea 2 - 0 westham utd 
chelsea lead 2-0 almost half time .
good first half dominance by chelsea 
na so i go find trouble for viewing centre . 89th minute , chel-shit tout don dey shout " change am to chelsea match !!...
find it funny all these people saying stuff about chelsea beating west ham . well done your beating west ham what an achievement 
west ham are ✊ chelsea are dull 💤
357 - the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago . hope .
both chelsea and bayern playing right now !
both my team are playing now & chelsea is leading by 2 nil happy me :-)
let da goals flow #
so this chelsea girl keeps calling me ...
come on chelsea
im liking how chelsea is playing :d
im in i love with epl . i only treasure two teams . that is , chelsea and any other team married to chelsea
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) 
0-2 , did i really think was going to get something out of that game ?
dortmund and chelsea please win
looks like chelsea will be moving to 2nd/3rd
loving this chelsea performance atm
come on chelsea , west ham fans are always forever blowing ... benders
watching my chelsea play
slow down chelsea . hee
should have gone to lakeside rather than watch this game 😳 
 chelsea are 2 up aganist west ham united 0
mikel is giving a masterclass today , are u watching chelsea fans or simply drooling over hazard to ignore how good mikel ius screening us .
why i had tuh open my mouth fuh .... chelsea is bare cunt
come on chelsea 2 - 0 looks like we can win this one . :d
hate phoebe from made in chelsea ❌
west ham you can just go on home now .... oh wait .... 
am happy chelsea's winning but not really enjoying the game .... mourinho keeps leaving mata on the bench for whatever reason ...
2 goals for chelsea ... yaaaaaa i like it 😁😁
whu 0-2 chelsea goal lampard n oscar !!
i really like chelsea's white away shirt .
idk why chelsea thinks i'll look good in navy blue ..
i have feeling of disgust when the chelsea fans sing mourinho's name .... get behind the bloody team not the manager
2 subs on 40mins ... chelsea are taking liberties ! crumbling shock ! 😂 lol
i love football for a lady my interests in it , it so much im a die hard chelsea fan anyday all time
fresh meat , made in chelsea , gogglebox and sweat the small stuff .. too much tv to catch up on
relegation form , big sam needs to go ! 
i told y'all chelsea were gonna hammer these guys .
west ham please dont let the chelsea scum win !!!!
chelsea pride of london ... 
west ham vs . chelsea che 2- to nothing 
enjoying lunch with chelsea at bj's
chelsea in the driving position . good game . the homework is properly . .
pissing over westham , surely it can't be this easy in the second half ?
chelsea are sh*tting on west ham
lampard , oscar goll ! , goo chelsea 2-0 !
good win for earlier , good result with l'pool dropping points too ... looks like chelsea will be chasing us though
professional display from chelsea so far . nice
chelsea all the way
ooh just got home and oops thank god my chelsea is winning too
nvm , i still support man united . chelsea sucks !!! lol
westham dis aint wat u want .
chelsea is the best term ever
come on , chelsea ! come on , chelsea ! come on , chelsea ! come on , chelsea ! 
chelsea we are doing it together chelseaforever !!!
glad i'm heading out shortly . chelsea are on cruise control .
if you watch chelsea fc play , then you must say that they are a classic team and club , surely100% sure
chelsea's movement is superb ! oscar is a little wizard
man . it's so hard to watch chelsea play .
meanwhile , chelsea lead west ham 2 goals ahead .
43'west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea match details : 21 ' 0 - 1 ( pen . ) frank lampard 34 ' 0 - 2 oscar
come on chelsea hold on
chilled few beers in the pub watching chelsea west ham before hitting reading tonight .
watching chelsea vs west ham
enjoying looking at a silky chelsea 
chelsea haven't even been good . haven't even needed to be . all about how bad we've been .
on west ham vs chelsea
oscar finds the corridor of uncertainty . the ball doesn't find a chelsea player though and west ham escape .
win , lose or draw . chelsea till a die !! keep the blue flag flying high
but why would play against chelsea wid no strikers
 aston villa vs chelsea
i'm eating carrots with carrots . do you think i could go orange like chelsea from that's so raven ?
that's the reason why cesar has forced himself into the team , so consistent and powerful to stop morrison 
westham smh . arsenal should come and eat 3 points abeg .
soccer is so girly there's a team named chelsea .... ⚽🙆🙋💁
westham 0-2 chelsea , additional time 2 mins !
" have you been watching chelsea lately ?" is a very confusing question to a english premier league fan who also loves the e ! network .
i want the third goal come on chelsea !! :)
looks like we've got another ref who's on the books at chelsea
maiga scored against chelsea last season
mata is chelsea's best player by far , why isn't he starting
just need a goal for £100 . up the hammers !!
chelsea all the way !
chelsea are so boring to watch 
i really don't like chelsea's away kit :/
west ham united vs chelsea 0-2 . 34 ' oscar scores for chelsea ! assist : eden hazard 
come on west ham !! pull your cunting socks up and fucking take these chelsea cunts out ! ! !... still another 45 minutes left !
who scored chelsea's 2nd ?
chelsea are playing some good stuff . quick silky counter attacking . although tactical disaster from west ham
chelsea leading 2-0 ( y )
chelsea is on fire .
proudlock was so freaked out about filming made in chelsea he didn't turn up on set on his first day ! 
' chelsea's problem is that they're just not tactical enough ' 
definitely rooting for chelsea fc in this game .
chelsea are smashing it 😝✌️
omg !!! chelsea is just annoying with this two goals against west ham united at the 1st half run with the possessions hate chelsea die !!!
ravel , we are chelsea , we are not spurs
2menit menuju half time . westham 0-2 chelsea . 
chelsea leads 2-0 and kansas state has scored 14 straight to draw even with oklahoma .
chelsea are putting on a show now 
chelsea are dominating west ham hahahaha love it
chelsea makes me proud , love u guys
2-0 chelsea oscarrrr fucking sick one
hmmm i'm colin is happy with chelsea's performance at the moment .
🎶super , super chelsea f.c. we're by far the greatest team , the world has ever seen . ! chelsea ! 
6 points from the next two games and we beat chelsea in december then i'll believe we can win the league ! reddddd armyyyyyyyy
if i come home and my room is dirty , i'm kickin chelsea's ass
yesss , chelsea is on fire !
" 357 - the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago . hope ."
next five games : cardiff city ( a ) hull ( h ) everton ( h ) man city ( a ) chelsea ( h) . 
for more details on the casl chelsea/railhawks game today tune into m&m radio for the best broadcasting in the soccer world
if westham score early in the 2nd half , tables will be turned , chelsea are known to sit back and relax 
et chelsea qui gagne ! !!!
see how paschal left me cuz of chelsea's match
with chelsea cruising , burnley(top of the league ) have done me for 2k 
is carlton cole on the bench for west ham ? surely if he is you'd bring him on ? something to aim at to go forward ? 
west ham are dire . we just have to hope chelsea don't win by a 3 goal margin . wake up hammers !
last time chelsea played at upton park they lost 3-1 mata scored the only chelsea goal that day . 
this is the best chelsea have played in a while 
nobody gonna do it beta dan chelsea
i just dislike chelsea ...
2+ added time come chelsea 
+2 added time , come on chelsea 
catch now vs on cricfree . tv sky sports 1
it looks like chelsea have won this game . upton park is deflated
lampard & oscar , the two best players for chelsea in the first half .
sam allardyce , steam coming out of his lungs ! sit the fuck down man , u can't do anything about it , chelsea just too good 4 ur lads ! 
the chelsea game can fuck off ... there's hockey on
 have a young kaka ' in ... he will own 2014
ht : chelsea leads by 2 goals over west ham utd on the road . lampard and oscar are the goal scorers for the blues .
chelsea is " blues "
how many penalties have chelsea been awarded this season ?
mlm ni miss game chelsea , esk miss city vs spurs , dem !
considering how shit most of adidas ' jerseys/kits are this year , that chelsea away jersey is a beaut 
accumulator one game away from coming in ! cough cough come on chelsea
i can't stand chelsea , but oscar is a great player
booooooooooom ! chelsea 2-0 gives us our result for the £10 to £1k challenge bet 2 ! bet 3 follows
got a tenner on chelsea ht/ft . return will be £ 26.25 . already £37 up from 3pm kickoffs , gotta love football !
come on chelsea 2 more goals plzzzz
a chelsea fan said lampard and oscar shouldn't have started . now 2-0 thanks to them .
can the hammers grab a goal back before ht ? it's been all chelsea so far at upton park . jose mourinho is a happy man . | 45 ' whu 0-2 cfc 
what an awful game the west ham v chelsea game is .
chelsea dey performed well ooooooo
chelsea winning + pizza = heaven
chelsea score ?
west ham united vs . chelsea
big sam will be going mental at half time 
this weekend has just been great ! somehow my tutor forgot to send his killer assignments and chelsea is winning
devant west-ham chelsea (:
chelsea got this
i see a draw in this chelsea match
blackpool are cunts mate . had arsenal , newcastle , chelsea , millwall , qpr , and fucking blackpool . twats
nothing says " fuck it " quite as much as maiga . 
chelsea are so boring to watch have a nigga dosing off in the bar
2 subs before half-time for westham ? lolol
chelsea are so stale to watch !
lets hope west ham does not lose by more than 3 goals to chelsea .. that will keep liverpool in 2nd place ;)
too easy for chelsea
hazard is alot like joe cole when he played for chelsea
half time . chelsea 2-0 whu . 
oscar and čech are the only chelsea players i like
chelsea are playing sick yaknow😎👌
chelsea , 4 out of 9 shots on target ; none out of 2 for west ham united . 
nice to see chelsea workin ' their opposition
chelsea's dominating
chelsea's jerseys are tough
well so chelsea are playing good enough in this season isn't it ?
i go all around the country to many different towns and bromley just always seems to be full of people up there own ass . this ain't chelsea .
not really surprised were loosing to chelsea tbh ! we've been playing so shit recently ! 
 west ham united vs chelsea f.c. with dad .
this game moy ! moy ! am not even going to watch the 2nd half ... 3 points sealed already !!! 😂😂😂😂swag ! 
come on chelsea lets get the third !! ⚽️👌
chelsea killin ' west ham united 
357 - the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago . hope ."
stan collymore is an okay commentator but he's stubborn . why the continued mentions of arsenal failing in a west ham chelsea commentary ?
the 3 chelsea fans should consider taking their joy to facebook or something .
half time : west ham 0 : 2 chelsea fc 
the important thing is we remain positive and move on to the next game ... against chelsea ...
oh yeah why am i watching chelsea when bayern vs dortmund is on ?!
ref seems to be giving chelsea everything
west ham - chelsea 0 - 2 lampard 21 str oscar 34
i'd rather be in a room full of serial killers than chelsea fans .
watching chelsea and state
west ham made two changes in 39th minute , and 2 goals down at home to chelsea . the hammers will bounce back . 
goal ! oscar with a low shot , enough to beat the keeper after lovely play from hazard . west ham 0-2 chelsea 35 '
y al descanso : west ham 0-2 chelsea 
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . lampard delighted by penalty opener ; oscar delights with classy second . hammers offering nothing here at present .
chelsea jus de choke westham
come on chelsea ! we want more goaallllll :d
it's west ham 0 chelsea 2 at half-time . plenty to admire in the performance so far . 
like always , chelsea is acing it
well west ham have never played 2 half's the same so hopefully we come out like we did against chelsea last year
next goal is vital . if chelsea score it , they'll win . if we score it , chelsea will still win .
2 ' additional time at upton park its the home team trailing 0-2 against jose mourinho's chelsea .
great 1st half chelsea , more of the same in the 2nd !
ht : west ham 0 , chelsea 2 . it's been a bit dull , really . hazard , oscar have shown flashes , but it's been very routine for the blues .
so chelsea does it again , nothing new , good going lads . 
ht west ham 0-2 chelsea ! lampard and hazard with the goals , comfortable half with only a few chances for west ham 
i wholeheartedly bitched & moaned about the starting xi but i thoroughly enjoyed this first half . chelsea look so organized .
chelsea looking good
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . chelsea dominating possession but created limited amount of chances . 
if u r watching westham v chelsea wyl dortmund vs bayern iz goin on , u deserve a dirty slap =)) ... =dd atzall
premier league half time : weset ham 0 chelsea 2 .
my god this ref is sucking dat dick for chelsea ..
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea !
half time : west ham united 0-2 chelsea fc . 
oscar does it the mourinho way . he's simply made in chelsea . 
ht west ham 0-2 chelsea lamps and oscar with the goals 👍
this has to be the flattest west ham crowd i've ever heard . come on , you're playing chelsea , you bloody hate us ! 
omg chelsea's game is soo interesting !! wow ! kmt abeg
 (iy ) west ham 0 – 2 chelsea ( 21’(p)lampard , 34’oscar )
descanso . west ham 0-2 chelsea ( lampard p . y oscar )
ht west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
halftime beating west ham 2-0 woohoo !!!
at upton park , give respect where it is due , is playing a better game than 
half time chelsea 2-0 west ham
hammers booed off at ht . chelsea 2-0 up 
half time in the neo-nazi derby and chelsea are 2-0 up against west ham .
these college football games are so terribly boring and irrelevant to me that i've resorted to watching chelsea vs . west ham
west ham 0-2 chelsea ( lampard , oscar ) [ ht ] 
writing about made in chelsea for my english coursework 
who scored the first goal of chelsea ??
 come on chelsea
robben should go back to chelsea
half time west ham 0-2 chelsea . truly shocking first half performance . doesn't look like allardyce has a clue what's going on at there
half time : west ham united - chelsea fc 0-2 
half time : west ham united 0-2 chelsea . ( lampard , oscar ) 
ht west ham united 0-2 chelsea 
on a good day westham could beat chelsea
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea .
a chelsea first half 
halftime ! 2-0 chelsea . great blue half , in complete control .
2-0 a la mitemps pour chelsea ! ✌️⚽️
first half time chelsea 2-0 west ham
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea
357 - the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago . hope .
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea !!!! 
half time ! chelsea 2-0 west ham . oscar assisting lampard's 206th and then scoring the second which was a brilliant goal . azpi is amazing
ht westham 0-2 chelsea lampard and oscar 
ht : west ham united 0 vs 2 chelsea fc at bein sport 1 
half time ; west ham 0-2 chelsea
chelsea top of the world haha
chelsea lets go guys !
half time at upton park chelsea 2-0 west ham united frank lampard(penalty)and oscar scored for blues ... ktbffh
chelsea's white away kit 😍
it's a great goal for oscar and i hope chelsea is coming up with . a nice performance ..... all hope on eto'o .
half time chelsea vs west ham
chelsea dey show stuff
ht : why 0 chelsea 2
35 quid bet up if chelsea can hold out .
great first half 
btts and result on the dortmund and chelsea games ... need more goals pls
a very well balanced chelsea side ! mikel gives us that .. deserves to be playing . azpi better than coles been season
ht with chelsea leading 2-0 .
all the dudes i love end up being chelsea or arsenal fans☹
west ham giving their all but not good enough ? chelsea 2 west ham 0 @ halftime ? get dug into them sammy ? chelsea much to good ?"
why did chelsea sign eto man 😂
half-time : chelsea go into the break at upton park with a two-goal lead . 
ht : west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea . lampard & oscar 
mata should leave chelsea for christ's sake . he's soo not supposed to be treated like this
good solid half from chelsea
half time chelsea two up .
half time : chelsea 2-0 west ham ( lampard , oscar )
ht : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea . lampard ( pen ) & oscar with the goals .
i just miss chelsea , and ryan , and robert , and sam , and sophie , and craig , and euan , so much man ! someone help me
good half from chelsea 2-0 
chelsea have been good but haven't been excellent first from another penalty west ham have been poor forcing big sam to 2 changes 0-2 ht
as much as i hate chelsea . i love frank lampard , great player throughout his career . top midfielder , one of england's finest
the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago .
it's ht at upton park west ham 0-2 chelsea
ht : west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea .... lampard , oscar .. everly blues
love when chelsea is on tv
half time ... west ham 0-2 chelsea . boooooooo * sigh *
half time 2-0 west ham
half time west ham 0 vs 2 chelsea
chelsea toying with the west ham defense , a strange double sub by big sam ... and boos greet the halftime whistle
i should play for chelsea i'd be sick as striker
chelsea lead 2-0 at halftime . my pick looking solid . 
mt : west ham 0-2 chelsea .
ht west ham 0-2 chelsea ( lampard , oscar ) 24
half time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea .
love seeing westham loose on the box
come on chelsea come on
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea 
west ham have made 2 subs before half time . the last time did this was december 2008 ( vs fulham) . 
wtf chelsea just walked in the door
half tym . chelsea lead by 2 .
chelsea lead at half time by 2 goals to nil at upton park . west ham booed off at half time .
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea . great first half . oscar , hazard & lampard . 45 minutes till , love this . 
half time . good perfomance for my chelsea .
so chelsea lead at the break defo can't see westham coming back from behind
it's 0-2 in half time . chelsea are winning !
ht chelsea 2 west ham 0
chelsea are doing far better than bayern :d
end of first half . chelsea 2-0 west ham
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea - poor performance from west ham , easy stuff for chelsea .
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea 
same old chelsea , taking the piss !
two mistakes cost west ham two goals against chelsea . woefull stuff we come nearer to the relegation places . halftime whu-chelsea 0-2 .
chelsea winning at west ham ... no surprise there then 
that is the chelsea we all know . full potential being shown ! 
solid first half performance ! ❤️ 2-0 chelsea
half time chelsea 2 - 0 west ham ( lampard-oscar )
half time ; whu 0-2 chelsea
half time . chelsea 2-0 west ham
ht : west ham united 0-2 chelsea . terrific football from the blues . delightful to watch . more to come in the 2nd half . 
yayy chelsea 2-0
ht 2-0 for chelsea 
2-0 chelsea lamps & oscar
west ham 0 chelsea . 2 half time
lampard's played at chelsea for 12 years . what a legend . 
half time .. chelsea - 2 , west ham - 0 .
chelsea looking good . more goal coming in second half .
halftime : west han united 0 - 2 chelsea .
half time chelsea leading
half time west ham 0-2 chelsea . truly shocking first half performance . doesn't look like allardyce has a clue what's going on out there
chelsea wining 2-0
west ham fans booing there team like they aint playing chelsea . what the hell do they expect lol
 half time 0 2 92 
oscar is currently chelsea's top pl scorer this season ( 5 ) & he is joint top scorer with hazard in all competitions ( 6) . 
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea . 
chelsea is very hot !!!
half time chelsea 2-0 west ham
west ham 0-2 chelsea ht really good performance so far hopefully the blues keeps this up in the 2nd and score more goals
half time at upton park , it is west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea fc
half time chelsea 2-0 west ham ( lampard , oscar ) 
end of the first half 2-0 for chelsea
half time . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea 
1st half done chelsea is still leading . 0-2 frank lampard n oscar 50000
ht whistle blows . excellent half from chelsea . 2-0 to the pensioners . what's everyone's thoughts ? 24
great first half from chelsea 
1st half chelsea 2-0 west ham come on blues
ht : west brom 0 - 2 chelsea , totally dominated the match
chelsea gonna take this win so easily lol
chelsea fans dont talk till full time , then say what you want
if chelsea plays like this every weekend , we're winning the league no doubt
half time : chelsea 2-0 west ham
west ham v chelsea atmosphere is dead
ht west ham 0-2 chelsea
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea fc ( lampard 0-1 ( pen ) , oscar 0-2 ) : need a 3rd to put this game to bed !
oscar has been chelsea's best player this season by far
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . come on chelsea ! 
mikel looks like an average player when he's playing for chelsea
i want to see heart of chelsea in second half . 
great performance from chelsea fc in the first half ! 
a brilliant first half . thank you chelsea
ht west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
descanso en boleyn ground , west ham 0-2 chelsea ( lampard p , oscar ) 
shania and chelsea got all the candy but yet they left me lmao .
half-time west ham 0-2 chelsea 
westham is α̇ disappointment
ht . 2-0 home fan boos as energetic as their 11 +2 . chelsea in full control . nothing silly please boys .
2-0 ht get there chelsea :)
halftime at the boleyn ground , west ham united 0-2 chelsea . lampard's penalty and oscar's lovely strike give the blues the lead !
ht chelsea 2 west ham united 0
chelsea's leading goalscorer______________ oscaaaaaaar dos santos emboaba jnr . [[ chelseafc ]] tid !
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . steady pace chelsea . hope to see more goals from the blues !
half time whu 0-2 chelsea 
good 1st half . more of the same in the 2nd please chelsea
half time : whu 0-2 chelsea ( lampard * p* , oscar )
half time chelsea 2-0 west ham united
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . lampard delighted by penalty opener ; oscar delights with classy second . hammers offering nothing here at present .
ht : west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
ht west ham 0-2 chelsea . nice game so far chelsea ! 
good start for chelsea !! 2.0 up at half time 
chelsea calmly winning 2-0
half time between west ham and chelsea . oscar and hazard have burst the home sides bubbles so far . they've both been excellent .
ivan claps the away fans at halftime . good man . top top half chelsea . 2-0 is lovely . get another and we're done . very good half .
next on the list ? some form of thermal socks even in sheff my feet are freezing in normal socks and my chelsea boots !!
half time= chelsea 2 - 0 west ham ! lampard & oscar score 
good performance so far from chelsea !
ht : west ham 0 chelsea 2 top 1st half from the chels and booooos from the home crowd , he he :) 
yezz chelsea score 2 yezz
it has been very easy for chelsea
half time . west ham united 0-2 chelsea .
ht chelsea 2-telur west ham
fuck off chelsea 
ht west ham 0-2 chelsea . since demel's mistake for the 1st its been all chelsea . oscar and lampard pen give us a comfortable lead .
goal west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 34 mins) . a precise finish from oscar after a flick into his path by eden hazard 
halftime : west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
goal west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 34 mins) . a precise finish from oscar after a flick into his path by eden hazard 
good first half from chelsea ^ . ^
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea !! up the chels !!
chelsea is booty
what is my life coming to , i'm actually downloading the made in chelsea game on my ipod , this is how bored i am
don't you just wish chelsea didn't exist
chelsea day
 ! ! ! !
superb first half chelsea side 
i can see this chelsea match being a rugby score ... 
oo my god ! i love dis team called chelsea . 
west ham don't really have the options… to threaten chelsea especially two goals down .
great first half from chelsea ! 2-0 lead over west ham , goals by oscar and lampard !! keep up the good work chelsea !!! ktbffh ! 💙
2 0pw chelsea
ht chelsea 2 ( lampard , oscar ) west ham 0 
ht : chelsea in the driving seat .. far too easy and leading 0-2 @ upton park !!!!!
samuel eto'o connait trop le ballon 
so if chelsea win here , which is looking likely , liverpool have done me for £216 😔
solid half from chelsea . they've kept west ham's threat at a minimum and done what's necessary to lead . 0-2 
mt : west ham united 0-2 chelsea .
come on chelsea ! 
half time chelsea 2 - 0 west ham
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . satisfying performance .
half-time : west ham united 0-2 chelsea 
ht . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ! lampard and oscar .
half time : west ham united 0-2 chelsea . [ lampard ( pen) , oscar ]
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea 
half-time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea 
chelsea football club <3
i believe in chelsea !!!
half-time : west ham united 0-2 chelsea 
half time . west ham 0 vs chelsea 2 
chelsea is doing good ! :) 
halftime : west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea . 
half-time : west ham united 0-2 chelsea 
half time chelsea leading 2 nil
it's west ham 0 chelsea 2 at half-time . plenty to admire in the performance so far . 
half time : chelsea 2-0 west ham
boos from the west ham faithful , applause from traveling chelsea , it's half-time , it's 2-0 ! 
" it's west ham 0 chelsea 2 at half-time . plenty to admire in the performance so far . "
it's west ham 0 chelsea 2 at half-time . plenty to admire in the performance so far
half time . chelsea 2 - 0 west ham united
chelsea just look too good . we needed the points against norwich 
" hey , come on in , score some goals guys , honestly , we'll lay off for a bit to let you have some fun ." said the west ham defence to chelsea .
descanso : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea
2-0 ... my boys are making me proud !!! up chelsea
cmon chelsea the second half the same as the first for my coupon to come in 
i hate it when chelsea are winning ... i annoys the shitttttttt outaff me
who do west ham fans think they are booing their players vs chelsea lol 
ht : bpl westham 0-2 chelsea . score : lampard & oscard . 
ht in the bpl game west ham 0-2 chelsea
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . well done , now hold on to that lead . no last year scenario please .
full time west ham 0-2 chelsea
switch on to find chelsea 2.0 up ! love saturday night football
watching west ham - chelsea game here in the pub . to say it's a little bit different from our game is an understatement #3chances
ht . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea . jose's embraced the magic hexagon and it's working !
descanso en el west ham 0-2 chelsea . 
ht : westham united 0-2 chelsea ( lampard , oscar ) 
ht : west ham united 0-2 chelsea fc . goal by : lampard , oscar 
ht : westham utd 0-2 chelsea fc ( lampard-oscar )
half time . west ham 0-2 chelsea . lampard , oscar .
chelsea playing some good football today , liking what i'm seeing
half time chelsea 2 west ham 0 
this chelsea is actually on point tho ..
psg won , chelsea is winning . today's a good day :)
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea . great first half . oscar , hazard &amp; lampard . 45 minutes till , love this . 
chelsea was supposed to be here an hour ago .. where are you😩
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea good half .
ht : westham utd 0-2 chelsea ! lampard and oscar | come on 
was hoping chelsea might drop points , but not sure that's going to happen 
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea . lampard ( p) , oscar . 
half time chelsea fc lead 
half time west ham 0-2 chelsea !!
half time ... 2-0 , chelsea f.c leading , anyway !!
ht : west ham united 0 2 chelsea fc 
west ham 0-2 chelsea ( lampard , oscar ) [ ht ] 
westham are geting relegated
sorry xberminat nak jadi fans chelsea and liverpool
ht 0 2 . chelsea dominant . oscar's second goal a crisp finish . an angry allardyce made two changes before ht , didn't go down well
2-0 at half time ! chelsea !
so angry missing chelsea game
done half time ! chelsea 2 - west ham 0
waow , chelsea s fantastic 2day in 1st half at west ham . me hope dey play ds top class football in 2nd half . memories of lst yr still fresh
half time : west ham 0 chelsea 2 . lampard & oscar with the goals . 
will miss some of strictly tonight . watching chelsea and taping celebrity chase .
half-time : west ham 0 - chelsea 2 yeay ✌️
half time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( lampard , oscar )
arsenal or chelsea ? 
walk right into a chelsea spanking their seed . 
half-time : west ham 0-2 chelsea . 
half time : whu 0 - 2 chelsea . lampard ( p ) and oscar
half-time : west ham 0-2 chelsea
half time west ham 0-2 chelsea fc
 halftime chelsea 2 wham 0
that will do me for the first half . comfortable 2-0 lead at half time . come on chelsea . 
my business is my business & if you not chelsea you don't know shit personal or how i really feel about certain shit like forreal !
ht : chelsea 2-0westham . great first half .
chelsea 2-0 up , is it too early to start celebrating my £160 win ... is it fuck , buzzing . 
joe genuinely described a chelsea player called ivanovic as romantic for clapping the crowd ?!
what chelsea playing ?
first half summary- chelsea have been superb all round ... 
west ham united - chelsea fc 0:2 (lampard -p , oscar )
not bad chelsea ... not bad .. :)
ht : west ham utd 0 - 2 chelsea
game , dota , bola , chelsea . oklah . goodnight .
ahhh i'm missing the chelsea match
brilliant half for chelsea . should have been 3-0 . need to be particularly cautious from minute 46 - 60 . 
loved the celebration by lamps tapping the chelsea badge in front of the west ham fans .
ht : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea . penalty converted by lampard and oscar scores with a lovely shot which crept in the bottom corner . 
half-time : west ham 0-2 chelsea
half time . west ham 0 - chelsea 2 . 
remember all that money lost on andy carroll and stuart downing .. thank you westham .. 
good first half by chelsea :d
half time : whu 0-2 chelsea
ht chelsea 2 westham nil . weldone guyz
wonderful from chelsea
 if anyone thinks an away day at chelsea is better than today , shake your head continuously . absolutely superb
chelsea : best club ever !!
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea
half time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea fc | 
descanso : west ham 0-2 chelsea ( lampard , oscar ) 
half time , west ham united 0-2 chelsea
chelsea first to every ball .
why are west ham fans boing ? i don’t understand clubs like that , you’re up against chelsea , what do you expect from the game ?
its half-time in london , west ham united 0-2 chelsea .
ht : west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
half time scoreline west ham 0 - chelsea 2
hf west ham v chelsea 0-2 
gunna have a nice quiet evening watching the chelsea game 
ht : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea . this has been ugly . really really ugly . the defence look afraid . midfield weak on the ball . 
ht . chelsea 2 - 0 west ham utd . chelsea we love you !! 
descanso , west ham 0 chelsea 2
i swear the commentator in the chelsea game just said ' absolute spastic defending .'
half time at boleyn ground . west ham united 0-2 chelsea . 
2-0 up @ half time ! chelsea fc :) 
come on chelsea !!
half time : whu 0-2 chelsea ( lampard - oscar ) 
half time : west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea fc goal : lampard & oscar
oh dear you've not improved my mood !
ht : whu 0-2 chelsea ! lamps & oscar !
if oscar had played the last two/three chelsea matches i wouldn't have tweeted that and i wouldn't be feeling bad . but <3 to that half .
chelsea in control as they were vs newcastle , everton , norwich , and west ham ( last season) . gotta keep this in the second half .
bought a new chelsea grin top and some nice shirt thing as well ! i'm now happy
morrison is good !! defo do not see him at west ham for long !! btw good start for chelsea !! 
end of half 2-0 chelsea
waiting in chelsea , nyc on a street corner for the bff and i've never gotten so much attention . i see now . uh huh . 
yeah ! nicely done for the first half chelsea 
half time chelsea 2 - 0 west ham
it's west ham 0 chelsea 2 at half- time . plenty to admire in the performance so far .
oscar assisting a goal ? ha ! that's as crazy as saying mata is good enough to start for chelsea . cut the crazy talk , guys .
i bet chelsea is so looking at images of boxer pups on google now ..
chelsea have an embarassment of richies whilst we are just embarrassing !!!
the ref is giving everything to chelsea ! is he scared of jose mourinio
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . oscar has been fantastic first 45 .
chelsea is such a good team to watch
ht whu-0-2 lampard and oscar the scorers for chelsea . overall comfortable half .
any chance these cunts will ever give chelsea abit of credit for playing well ?
ramirez ....... the moving train . chelsea's player of d season so far for me .
cmon chelsea !! 
west ham vs chelsea on nbc 4 is it because of green st hooligans ?
£3 on arsenal swansea palace and chelsea . returns £80 . hate to say it but , come on chelsea !
the official sponsor of chelsea fc is ? 
babak pertama usai west ham vs chelsea . chelsea in control here , after goals from lampard and oscar .
ht . west ham vs chelsea 0-2 :d what's your thoughts for the first half ?? 
ht west ham 0-2 chelsea in the late premier league game ( tb ) 
chelsea in control ! oscar and lampard ! 
westham fans boo thier team at halftime
nice game chelsea !
well good first half by chelsea
 livescore- ht - west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea [ frank lampard 21 ' pen . oscar 34 ' ]
half time west ham 0 - 1 chelsea .. 
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . from bubbles to boos , well controlled half , don't take the foot off the gas and we got this .
primer tiempo . west 0-2 chelsea . oscar y lampard . 
keep on chelsea ..!!!
chelsea dominant .. pretty much game over already !
chelsea is meeting demi today omg so happy for her :'))
i only want chelsea to win today so i win some money
watching chelsea play with jamie waiting for my fat burger 😛💦
great first half there , just need to not concede goals in the second , and the way westham's looked , that should be doable
rust ! tussenstand : west ham united - chelsea 0-2 . 
half time : chelsea vs west ham united 2-0 lampard ( p ) " 18 " & oscar " 21 "
watching the match on my phone so not the greatest vessel but am i seeing a 433 from chelsea ?
favorite moment of the game today : being called a racist by a chelsea fan for saying wanyama was fouling a lot
half time . chelsea 2-0 up . 
man utd can come up to third with a win tomorrow and if chelsea doesn't win against west ham right now .
halftime west ham utd 0-2 chelsea (p ) keep the blue flag flying high !!
two favourite chelsea players have scored :) b
chelsea my chelsea !!!!!!!!!!! (** , )
wtf ? chelsea leading 2-0 fuck
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea
remember what happened last season when carlton cole came on & chelsea was on the lead ?!!!!!? hmmmm
yes i don't want chelsea to win
the last time chelsea were 2-0 up at half time , both lampard and oscar scored that day too . it was the opening day of the epl
west ham disappointed man , chelsea making it look easy still
half-time : west ham 0-2 chelsea fc ( lampard , oscar )
ht : westham utd 0-2 chelsea ( lampard , oscar ) 
:) chelsea is wining
great half of football from chelsea ! 
live epl game 40min gone west ham 2 - chelsea -0 via .
yeah halftime : westham 0 - 2 chelsea
west ham 0 chelsea 2 ht , sam have heard the words " don't know what your doing "
i love mikel . i want him to play for chelsea forever .
i want westham to score 3
good half by chelsea 
half time at vs 
manz from my school said that chelsea was gonna get slapped today . cant wait to see them on monday
chelsea lead 0-2 at half-time , in control , it's been easy for them . west ham very poor . 
easy chelsea 😎
watching the and 
ht : chelsea 2-0 west ham . oscar creating the first goal for lampard's penalty and scoring the second with a brilliant strike . 
half time at the boleyn ground and chelsea lead 0-2 . 
a great chelsea first half . attacking solid , everyone looking good . keep the consistency going .
this is like watching a child trying to play fifa 14 
halftime ... chelsea 2-0 west ham
its half-time in london , west ham united 0-2 chelsea .
chelsea are taking west ham apart , oscar is different class !
ht : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea .. any thoughts ??
half time here at the hammers , west ham 0-2 chelsea !
chelsea 2-0 westham first half
amazed by chelsea's oscar - only a wee lad , superb confidence and touch . must be in the name 
chelsea go into the half time break up by two goals , with a penelty from lampard and a the other goal from oscar 
only can point out chelsea dudes cuz i know their movement
finish work to find out chelsea are 2 - 0 at half time 😉
ramires ....... the moving train . chelsea's player of d season so far for me .
chelsea scum
ht : 2-0 to chelsea . feel like giving jaaskelainen a hug . great game so far . lamps is really flourishing in a 3-man mf .
is dis niqqa stupid or tryin 2 b stoopid him big head dey block my view of d chelsea match
no serious football fan would watch the chelsea-wham game when dortmund-bayern is going on .
half time : chelsea 2-0 west ham
shit . match chelsea band of brother ngn walking dead sume main serentak .. ermm
half time : chelsea 2 westham united 0 
it's half-time : west ham 0-2 chelsea 
this is the chelsea i know
both scorers in the chelsea game :)
question : chelsea gini ? answer : 
half time ; west ham 0 chelsea 2
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . lampard from the spot and oscar with a nice finish . azpilicueta playing well at left-back . 
half time chelsea 2 - 0 west ham utd . ( lampard & oscar : 3 )
chelsea and united have some tough games coming up . all the other teams have to play in europe as well .
great 1st half from chelsea so far . hopefully more goals will come in the 2nd .
chelsea win . ;)
chelsea two up for the first time since the opening day . 
ht : west ham united 0-2 chelsea 
west ham 0-2 chelsea ht- lampard & oscar .
whu started with control , but cfc ended the first half with goals . chelsea recovered the ball well and pressed in west ham's half .
 up 2 vs west ham . lego blue .
jose mourinho won all five games v west ham in his 1st spell at chelsea - he was also unbeaten in 6 games v sam allardyce's bolton
ht : chelsea 2 - 0 west ham united ( lampard and oscar score )
treble lands in !!!!! chelsea leicester newcastle 4/1 £10 returned £50 good start to the email list join now !!!!
half-time west ham 0-2 chelsea . goals from frank lampard and oscar put chelsea fc in a commanding position . 
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea . great first half . oscar , hazard & lampard . 45 minutes till , love this . 
live ! ht : west ham 0 2 ( lampard , oscar ) - in a commanding position thanks to goals from lampard and oscar . 
i'm afraid collins makes too many mistakes and/or bad decisions . . 
i stand by what i said after the norwich game , jussi and nolan have got to go !!! with any other keeper this would be 0-0 !! 
chelsea putting in some work . up by two
2-0 come on chelsea
half time chelsea 2-0 west ham
football with the men of the house , c'mon chelsea
andy gray is on the panel for our broadcast of west ham v chelsea lol
westham are officially part of the ' relegation battle ' they look so bad what's happening with em !!!
shut up chelsea you didn't even deserve them , especially the first one !!! 😡
ht chelsea up 2:0 , dortmund 0:0 , beitar down 0:3 . that's about it
chelsea v west ham 2-0 ht
shit manger shit players shit tactics shit owners just a pile shit , this is not westham
bvb v fcb playing and people watching chelsea ? lool
we'll keep the blue flag flying high !!! chelsea chelsea ! we gonna make this a blue day ! salam 2-0 . hoho !
done watching this game is too good for 
retweet this if you love chelsea . follow each other to grow your 
ht west ham 0-2 chelsea . decent performance from chelsea , mainly when they press higher . oscar/hazard influential . west ham lack invention .
two great wins today pity about this chelsea match tho ffs . 
chelsea shouldnt worn .. damn it
half time at upton park , chelsea still lead 2-0 by super frank and baby face
wonderful from chelsea
good win for the swans and a walk over first half for chelsea , let's hope the second half will be as easy !
half time :: westham 0 - 2 chelsea
ht 0-2 against chelsea . well that was crap west ham wasn't it .. big sam doesn't know what he's doing & neither do the board or players !
this is a new dimension chelsea are displaying here . intense pressing and high tempo are showing results . even mikel is running like hell
ht 2-0 . chelsea leads .
ht : chelsea 2 ( lampard , oscar ) - 0 westham united
chelsea fans don't shout again , man utd fans are the real thugs now !
ht . west ham 0-2 chelsea ( lampard 20 ' [ pen . ] , oscar 34 ' ) 
ht : whu 0 - 2 chelsea . by the way , i miss juan mata 
back pass to cech is our best chance to score . 
half-time betting : 3/1 west ham +2 ( 0) , 6/4 tie , 6/5 chelsea ( 2) . 
fuming i took psg and chelsea out my accumulator , could have potentially made a fortune
half time chelsea 2 - 0 west ham | frank lampard 21 ', oscar 34 '
i'm actually downloading the made in chelsea game , what is my life coming to
chelsea played great during the first half .
ht : chelsea are giving me a good reason to keep smiling
god i love chelsea grin
embarrasing , no pressure on the chelsea midfield at all and i literally don't understand how nolan is still being kept on the fucking pitch
ht : chelsea 2-0 west ham . lapard ( pen ) & oscar with the goals .
chelsea no challenge for west ham . 2-0 at half time
finally half time that was a shambles of a first half .. sloppy defending anything will be better than that pile of shite !! 
 : ht scores : west ham 0-2 chelsea . a frank lampard penalty and an oscar goal put chelsea in control .
half time ... chelsea 2 - 0 west ham
send your views on to us . have chelsea been that good ? or have west ham just struggled ? 
halftime west ham utd 0-2 chelsea (p ) keep the blue flag flying high !!"
halftime : west ham 0 vs 2 chelsea 
 is a genius player ... natural brilliance sees things 2 or 3 seconds before others 
i guess both chelsea scorers ended their 10 and 5 goals drought respectively .
two v posh made in chelsea types in airport seating area watching vid on ipad , with sound on . is that the done thing these days ?
ht west ham 0-2 chelsea . comfortable but i hope mourinho asks the team to score a third instead of sitting back .
al aire por espn+ para relatar west ham - chelsea junto a walter vargas ...
half time . west ham 0-2 chelsea
arsenal fans saying lampard left westham to play at a bigger club coz he deserves to ! wtf rvp did different there ?!!
mi-temps : west ham 0-2 chelsea 
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea ( lampard , oscar ) 
one goal each from lampard and oscar put chelsea ahead in the first 45min chelsea 2 westham 0
chelsea !!.... chelsea !!
chelsea's top pl goal scorer oscar has 5 goals to his name , 6 in all competitions . ( alongside hazard) .
half-time ... wish i could be a fly on the wall of westham's dressing room 
half time | west ham 0 - 2 chelsea | goal by lampard and oscar | 3point
am so sure liverpool , arsenal nd chelsea are finishing above united this season , yes i said it !
half time 2-0 for chelsea . good job blues !
i fucking hate chelsea . always have loads of great players over the years particularly zola but just can't take to them 
expect gold and sullivan to pull the trigger on fat sam . cant afford 25,000 in the olympic stadium for championship games 
ht . west ham utd 0-2 chelsea fc . goals by lampard ( pen . ) and oscar . 
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea #ทวีตที่500
ideal , 2-0 chelsea before half time ! 
chelsea ils sont la ! 
chelsea " might land flares tonight " oh
ht : oscar made it 2-0 , chelsea are firmly in control , be amazed if they don't score more goals in the 2nd half
keep the blue flag flying high ! is the name people !
wham 0-2 chelsea at half time . joe cole subbed , sprinted off , shook mourinho's hand , ripped off shirt & straight down tunnel . once a blue ...
sing loud and clear until the game is done .. sing chelsea everyone .. chelsea rocks .. :)
half time : west ham united ( 0 ) vs ( 2 ) chelsea fc . lampard , oscar .
half time !! west ham 0 vs chelsea 2 b )
playing chelsea is tough enough any day . factor in a clueless manager and no strikers then we're on a hiding to nothing 
 has played so well in this first half ! wow ! hoping to see a couple more good goals in the next half .. 
torres r always being my fav player in chelsea's team
why can't chelsea play like this every week ? granted west ham hasn't really shown up . 
wow if i was a west ham fan , every word niall quin is saying would grate on me like a cheese grater ! being so bias towards chelsea !
westham to get relegated ?
357 - the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago . hope ."
half time in east london @ upon park chelsea lead by 2 goals to 0 ( lampard ) ( oscar ) 1 
we are respecting chelsea so much we are gifting them penalties .. fucking fuming with this performance . seriously think we are going down
call from pakistan during chelsea game every answer from me was sahi for 10 mins just dont disturb me during the game
we look great at the moment , the international break looks to have done wonders - 2-0 chelsea at the half .
chelsea a very2 good chelsea-2
:-( not good times being a westham supporter !!
so chelsea gonna rape west ham !... andy caroll my son ! :'(
half time @ upton park west ham 0 - 2 chelsea decent half from the lads . hope we carry it on into the second half .
i hate chelsea and mourinho . i hate them . i really really hate them .
getting a dominoes tonight love it love saturdays love football love chelsea , love dundee , love the weller , don't love young english players
half time 2-0 chelsea ... now let's keep it that way
individual errors have cost us big time this season 
is'nt rednap suppose to be lampard uncle ? no wonder he folds up each time he takes on chelsea ... bollock .
half time between chelsea and westham . 2.0 for chelsea . lampard scored frm d spot kick while oscar slotted home a cool pass .
actually want westham to win so chelsea can't! don't looks like that's happening poor boys 😉😥😘
chelsea beautiful people
chelsea is the teammmm !!!
ht . whu 0-2 chelsea lampard & oscar
chelsea are in cruise control going into the break . why not ? when west ham have been lacklustre in their home ground . 
descanso : west ham 0 chelsea 2 ( lampard , oscar )
westham fans are woeful to say the least !! booing own players .... not what any player wants to hear going off after a half ...
ht west ham united 0 vs 2 ( lampard oscar ) chelsea fc
come on chelsea .... we the best
chelsea are playing well 
chelsea not looking troubled . playing well so far . 
eh .. watching the game . ⚽️
ok , i just tortured myself for 45 minutes watching chelsea paint dry ....
far from our best but so were arsenal . pretty poor game in truth . we seriously lacked penetration . roll on chelsea 
mallorca leading 2-0 which means if things stay like this with chelsea winning also the treble will land
48 ' - half time west ham united 0 chelsea 2 vs 
its half-time in london , west ham united 0-2 chelsea .
if you waited for chelsea to lose , go to sleep now .
nice chelsea ! flowing football ... an improvement from newcastle !
this match should end 4-0 
solid first half chelsea 2-0 
 half time 2-0 chelsea winning 👌 great job first half
put lampard on my squad and he gave me 0 pts . sold him , and now he scored a goal . my fpl is a bad luck , should not put chelsea players in it
ht west ham united 0-2 chelsea
westham fans can boo lamps all they want , he will always come back to put a knife in their chest 
half time , west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea fc frank lampard ( 21 ' ) oscar ( 34 ' ) ! keep the blue flag flying high ! 
oscar is currently chelsea's top pl scorer this season ( 5 ) & he is joint top scorer with hazard in all competitions ( 6) . 
half time , west ham 0-2 chelsea lampard , oscar 
so many angry tweets about chelsea woah guyz
chelsea are class
half time : west ham 0 vs 2 chelsea . goal by : lampard ( p) , oscard
 
beer and the chelsea game , i'm loving life ! :)
chelsea vs westham
half time . west ham 0-2 chelsea | lampard , oscar
it's west ham 0 chelsea 2 at half-time . plenty to admire in the performance so far . 
being able to watch the chelsea game at work >>> 😁🙏🙌
 ht : 2 lampard 21 " penalty oscar 34 " hazard assist westham 0 
half-time west ham 0-2 chelsea . goals from frank lampard and oscar put
ht at uptön park . 2-0 to chelsea . the most comfortable ht scoreline we've had this season
1st half 0-2 seems to suggest jose lineup is going their job ! 
i don't know how oscar scored that goal !! 
i love chelsea with passion .
good half for chelsea . more of that in the 2nd pls
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . a couple more and we'll go 2nd behind arsenal 
hopefully chelsea score 2 more goals so that our gd are higher then liverpool's!
after 47 ' it's half-time whu-chelsea 0-2 .
chelsea ain't evan played that well 
ht chelsea 2 west ham 0 now just don't get lousy in second half 
after first half 2-0 chelsea :-(
balotelli strongly linked with a £25m move to chelsea in the italian press . how would you feel seeing super mario playing for a rival team ?
unless demel scores 5 goals he can fuck right off what a wanker ! 
half time : west ham utd 0 - 2 chelsea !!!
ht : chelsea 2-0 west ham utd lampard , oscar
what a classic game by chelsea 
' ht ' west ham 0-2 chelsea // dortmund 0-0 bayern munich ... half time !!!
i honestly don't want chelsea to win
ht : west ham united 0-2 chelsea ( lampard 25 ', oscar 34') . 
imagine d world without chelsea
chelsea day
good first half ! keep it up chelsea ! another couple of goals ;) 
i wanna watch the chelsea game and the bayern game . i wish i had cable lolol
chelsea 2-0 west ham
westham bε making chelshit look like they know what they're doing ( ˘˘̯)
impressed with pressing from chelsea . must remember , you can be outplayed sometimes . poor doesn't necessarily mean lack of effort .
chelsea bringing home the bacon just like i need 💷
ht : west ham united 0 2 chelsea fc ( lampard , oscar ) 
chelsea dier u want falaa always
kai !!!! this bvb match boring o ! n this chelsea match sef no dy help ! * smh ....
half time : west ham ( 0 ) - chelsea ( 2 ) lampard - penalty oscar
great first half , but there's still 45 + added time to go . let's keep it up chelsea !! 
full time here at boleyn ground !! lampard scoring from the spot then oscar doubles it up . that's the story . west ham 0-2 chelsea .
barclays premier league ~ turnup
crying on facetime to chelsea hahaha , whit
0-2 chelsea half time come on u blues
ahh !!! chelsea don win dis 1 oooo !!!!
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . a couple more and we'll go 2nd behind arsenal
i can't stand chelsea but that's my dawg tho
lots of work for west ham to do if they are to turn this around . chelsea looking comfortable . 2nd half predictions anyone ?
i knew chelsea would leng us off😡
loved d calebration by lamps tapping d chelsea badges in front of west ham fans ohh its awesome !
full time : west ham united 0-9 chelsea fc 
epl – ht score : west ham united 0-2 chelsea 
corregimos : al descanso west ham 0-2 chelsea 
chelsea is going ham on ham . 
this is the chelsea i love and have missed recently . 
ht . 2-0 home fan boos as energetic as their 11 +2 . in full control . 
we'd love to hear your score predictions too , so send ' em on over . chelsea ? west ham ? draw ? who you got ? 
half time west ham 0 chelsea 2 
half time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea
refs a chelsea fan aint he .....
well at least chelsea are beating west ham .. missed first half :(
damnnnnnnn hazard could have made 3-0 for chelsea just now . wooooo
west ham did it against chelsea last year , but if allardyce oversees a comeback here he should be awarded a knighthood for services to magic
half time : west ham 0 v 2 ( lampard ' p , oscar )
barclays premier league : west ham 0-2 ( lampard , oscar ) chelsea ( half time )
the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago .
ht : west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea 
i hate it when chelsea are winning ... it annoys the shitttttttt outaff me
now chelsea is winning today when i decided not to predict their game .
half time : chelsea 2 west ham 0
can't see chelsea game staying like this
chelsea leads 2-0 .. -ht-
west ham being booed off at half time is disgraceful . it'll just lower morale and make it easier for chelsea to score . i'm not complaining !
chelsea are all over west ham , lets see more goals in the second half ! 
loved the celebration by lamps tapping the chelsea badge in front of the west ham fans .
same spiror second half- come on chelsea
up chelsea ! it is half time .. westham 0 chelsea 2
half-time west ham 0-2 chelsea . goals from frank lampard and oscar put in a commanding position 
decent first half from chelsea , lets keep it up . 
oh chelsea i love you
ayeeeee i'm rocking with my girl chelsea tonight . 😈👯
why did i not bet on chelsea ? ...... dortmund doesn't even look like they will score or win ...... :(
can't ask for a better first half at west ham - chelsea with two more goals from their midfielders and west ham with zero shots on target .
45 minutes away from a much needed accumulator won . come one chelsea !!
nice to c chelsea win
referee is always right . everybody is wrong . -reporter of west ham vs chelsea
really good first half from chelsea . just need that third goal 
well played oscar but absolutely gutted to see my chelsea play that football :(
any chelsea fan who doesn't appreciate what mikel does in that team is retarded .
i hate when the ball is in chelsea area . rawan bingit . __ .
😂😂😂😂chelsea lost a dollar on a bet
its really depressing knowing theres another 45 minutes for chelsea to score more :/
fantasy team did well this week , just looking for a clean sheet for chelsea & man city 👌
 <3
 mata will leave chelsea come january should he continue to be benched .
oscar outstanding , but mikel is such a key player for chelsea 
curse be me the day i stop supporting chelsea fc !!!! we rock !! 
 ht : west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea .
halftime : west ham ( 0 ) - ( 2 ) chelsea 
oscar is having one of his best games for chelsea . brilliant talent .
this footie looks like boys against men . chelsea are in 2nd gear & under no pressure . come on hammers
chilling watching chelsea win .
sean maitland looks like andy jordan from made in chelsea hahahahaha
what's happening in the bayern-dortmund match ? can't watch both , so i chose chelsea of course .
half time 
why chelsea bought willian ill never know
ht : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea fc lampard 20 ' ; oscar 34 ' 
naxo westham come de chase ghost
if ΰ know that ΰ are feeling chelsea spiritually , lemme hear ΰ say yeye !!!
great first half 4 chelsea
playing really well up to half time . from experience , we cannot let get into the game . 
go chelsea ! 
i fucking hate chelsea ! with a passion . you can all go fuck yourself your dirty cunts !
goals 4rm lampard nd oscar gave chelsea d lead @ first half
half time : wesham 0:2 chelsea
like most chelsea fans i disagreed with mourinho freezing mata out but when you see hazard and oscar combine like that ....... *sighs *
chelsea are killing it
chelsea's on the lead ✌️
loved the celebration by lamps tapping the chelsea badge in front of the west ham fans .
chelsea will win the league ... as much as it pains me to say it
ht chels 2-0 west ham . chelsea in full control ?
west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea . 34 ' assist by eden hazard , chelsea 
made in chelsea though , it's just fab
chelsea please draw this game for your boy ;)
supporting westham is a constant disappointment :(
come on chelsea 
not the biggest fan of mikel , but he brings a much needed balance to the chelsea midfield 
the blues came to get the 3 point , that is wat westham need to knw .
so hungry , but this chelsea's match is feeding me .
epl – ht score : west ham united 0-2 chelsea
descanso , west ham 0-2 chelsea ( lampard , oscar )
love my team doin ' well boys . 2nd spot is ours by the end of 2nyt
hold on chelsea and come on napoli <3
ht whu 0-2 chelsea goals- lampard(penalty) , oscar chelsea in control of the first half ... decent game till now your thoughts on 1 st half ??
epl – ht score : west ham united 0-2 chelsea
half-time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea
half time ... westham 0:2 chelsea
i love it whenever chelsea proves me wrong .
half-time ! chris foy blows his whistle and chelsea are absolutely cruising at the break . they lead 2-0 at upton park . < fk >
 are embarrassing at the moment . stroll in the park for 
please chelsea get a 3rd goals !! 
i cant remember a chelsea game this season that i ve really enjoyed
2-0 nil up at half time looking well for chelsea
half time chelsea 2-0 ... 
chelsea 2 nil up at half tyme arsenal struggled tru out tho
oscar has been all over the pitch . brilliant defensively and always in the heart of every chelsea attack .
 have actually been very ordinary , just taking advantage of juvenile defending . 
lol . that's how maryam said i'm too fresh to be a chelsea fan ...
 are ballin '
west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea . 34 ' oscar scores for chelsea ! 
chelsea is home😊 i kinda missed the ratchette
watching the chelsea game
goals . lampard and oscar chelsea v westham
please stay 2-0 to chelsea
erk . chelsea dapat gol penalty ? ohhh tahniah okay .
oscar , u too much ... am given u 100% ... chelsea fc till devil repent
hope chelsea get fucked
i'm convinced by the starting line-up and subs big sam has no idea what he's doing now . 
ah love saturdays . footy done and dusted . feet up on the sofa now and watching chelsea
chelsea leading by 2 goals 2 none against west ham
yeah boy its been forever since i've seen chelsea play !
chelsea bossing west ham , dortmund and bayern locked in a somewhat boring stalemate .
london trends : penalty to chelsea
make my day chelsea n add @ least 2 more goals in d next half
chelsea 2-0 over west ham at the half .... sweet !!
chelsea 2-0 west ham united . lampard , oscar .
nothing feels better than chelsea playing good football !
need chelsea to win 3 0 for 65 quid 🙏
i'm so bereft of any shit to give that i'm actually going for a 12-0 chelsea win so that allardyce's dismissal may be accumulated 
chelsea will still draw dis match
half-time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea lamps and oscar with the goals . what are your thoughts on the game so far ? 
this bitch chelsea must've forgot her read receipt was on * eyeroll *
abeg dortmund vs bayern pay me pass dan dis shit chelsea game
ht : west ham utd 0-2 chelsea the blue flag flying high
the mentality from chelsea's squad is great . intelligent awareness shows in both attacking and defending . players are all on the same page .
how the fuck can you expect to get a result against chelsea without fielding a striker 
come on westham
2-0 chelsea which is lame but its halftime which means more of my boo
half time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea . get ready for next updates .
half time . this should be a high scoring one from chelsea . it will bring more confidence . 
now as a fan i'm used to some bad days but 0-2 at h/t home to chelski is as abject as it gets 
chelsea 2-0 
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea goal by : lampard ( p ) & oscar 
at half time : west ham united 0-2 chelsea . 
 chelsea vs west ham
very controlled by chelsea . gratifying to watch . 
nice game from chelsea , they need to keep going for more goals
chelsea doing work ! 
i rate oscar more than any chelsea player this season .
hope chelsea get more goals in the second half
i will sleep after chelsea game finish . hope for a good result .
lets go chelsea !!! #8 
chelsea's winning , arsenal won , and we fucking drew with everton
£25 thankyou chelsea
mi-temps west ham 0-2 chelsea 
ht west ham utd 0-2 chelsea \m/
as great as mata is , the way chelsea are pressing in this game , mata wouldn't fit in as well as oscar .
did a chelsea fan really say that oscar is better than ozil and that lallana was better than cazorla ! go home mate , you're drunk !!
west ham-chelsea it's 0-2 lampard at 21 and oscar at 34 ! 
hate chelsea & hate west ham so couldn't care less about the game
ht west ham utd 0 - 2 chelsea ( pen ) 
so arsenal peeps are just praying chelsea to lose . sfmh .
go chelsea ... the 2nd place is waiting for us
this is depressing , i can't believe fat sams tactics , disgraceful !! 
fucking shocking we should be throwing ourselves into challenges against these posh chelsea cunts . absolute shambles
where's chelsea ?
ht whu 0 chelsea 2 . oscar and lampard both are scorrer
come on chelsea .
fell asleep during the chelsea match ops
vaz tae is in canary wharf having dinner whilst his team are getting spanked by chelsea . fans must be happy with the commitment
half time . chelsea 2 westham . 0 lampard 21 ' ( p ) oscar 34 '
fucking hate west ham and fucking hate chelsea , so why am i watching the second half lol
when asked whether he considered leaving chelsea ramirez said , " i am not leaving anywhere for any price ".
keep calm and love chelsea ♥
come on 
if mata or torres doesn't start for chelsea . i don't watch the game esp when i gat important things to do
i am trying to watch both chelsea nd avb game but it can't just work ...
chelshit winning against westham and their fans running their mouth like tap .. where the fuck is remy ???
if there's one team who i'd like to win the league if united don't , it's got to be chelsea .
so far chelsea played well laaah :dd
waiting for chelsea match :)
love watching chelsea when they're at it , pity they don't do it on a consistent basis though ! 
now i'm forced 2 watch the chiefs game .... was enjoying that classic chelsea game
halftime : west ham 0-2 chelsea , oscar proving too hot to handle for the hammers .
come on chelsea !!!!! 😄💪💪💪💪
great goals chelsea are fucking smacking them one
the blues chelsea ...!!!!!!!
hopefully chelsea score 2 more goals so that our gd are higher than liverpool's!
chelsea always beating teams with they funeral football
about to start my weekly chelsea rant
yeo i love chelsea lol
a reason to have a boner . chelsea .
if chelsea win and so do we tomorrow , we'll go up into 4th . meaning we'd be 5 points from arsenal and 1 point from liverpool & chelsea
lampard belongs to chelsea 🙌💙
lol ! y'all won't give a fuck's tweet if chelsea win the league , right ?
if chelsea win i will win 30 quid c'mon you scum cunts
oscar is chelsea best performaner so far this season ..... kill me for saying that !
chelsea has such an ugly hair cut
i honestly think a championship side would beat us at home today with the team and formation he's put out today let alone chelsea
never thought i'd be shouting mon the chels but if they win , my accumulator is quids in so c'mon chelsea make me the coin !!!
half time and chelsea looking good . keep it up boyz we got this 
first half heartbreaker come on westham lets pull something out of the bag ffs 
2 more goals and a clean sheet chelsea come on 👊
okay ;) half time west ham 0-2 chelsea 
it's half time at upton park too . chelsea lead 2-0 thanks to a lampard penalty and oscar golazo .
oscar has 6 goals and 4 assists this season and he works his arse off every game . i'll never understand why some chelsea fans don't rate him
chelsea making me proud tonight tho
fuck chelsea dirty scum
i didn't even realise chelsea were playing !
just a wee cheeky goal in the chelsea game to get me a wee win first for a few weeks
lol chelsea forcefully made west ham make two subs
great win today for whalpload , chelsea winning comfortbaly , and going to leeds tonight with my boys . all in all a sick weekend so far
mikel starts for chelsea
chelsea need lukaku next year , gotta stop giving him away
ht . 2-0 home fan boos as energetic as their 11 +2 . chelsea in full control . nothing silly please boys .
goal !!! lamps converts from the penalty-spot after jaaskelainen brings down oscar . west ham 0 - 1 chelsea ( 21 mins ) 
half time west ham vs chelsea 0-2 21-(pen)f . lampard 34-oscar come on blues chelsea chelsea chelsea
half-time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea
if you waited for chelsea to lose , go to sleep now .
chelsea up 2 at half delighted
i love dis chelsea away kit
finishing work and finding chelsea 2-0 up at west ham at half time is lovely !
west ham ever fail to disappoint i don't expect a win vs chelsea but the way we have lost it playing shit we need a whole new team simple as
keep it up chelsea ! 
azpilicueta is my favourite chelsea defender . and has been chelsea's best since last season .
great first half by chelsea ! i'm only dissapointed by ramires . come on chelsea ! 
cheeky little 5 fold if chelsea win ....
 descanso : west ham 0-2 chelsea .
very decent half from chelsea . made it look easy . passing nicely and taking our chances . oscar has been all over . 
 west ham fans booing their team off at half time and i thought chelsea fans were the plastics 
westham got that many niggers they dont bother with the lemons at half time just hand the bananas out .
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) 
a little in play single / double westham v chelsea over 3.5 goals 2.10 bayern munich win 2.37 4.98 /1
ht : west ham united 0-2 chelsea ! lampard ( p . k) , oscar . oscar is the man of the first half <3
well done chelsea . one of the better halves of the season . not sure i could watch west ham every week though . jesus they're depressing .
halftime west ham utd 0-2 chelsea , keep the blue flag flying high !!"
great going chelsea !! 
chaser party tonight @ midnight rodeo !! ✌️👍👌 
got chelsea score and win on , wouldn't mind getting a ton tbh
oscar is chelsea best performer so far this season ..... kill me for saying that !
chelsea day ....
what a shower of shit 1st half west ham , pathetic , oh so glad maiga is on !! bet chelsea r as well
if united don't win the league i want chelsea to win it !
well done chelsea , second half we finishing them , 2 more goals to go
half-time ! chris foy blows his whistle and chelsea are absolutely cruising at the break . they lead 2-0 at upton park .
great to see the fighting spirit in the team , westham are very physical but we've matched it pretty well 
can't ask for a better first half at west ham - chelsea with two more goals from their midfielders and west ham with zero shots on target .
watch chelsea beat west ham , then go to a party . good saturday night
great win today for whalpload , chelsea winning comfortably , and going to leeds tonight with my boys . all in all a sick weekend so far
' ht ' west ham 0-2 chelsea // dortmund 0-0 bayern munich ... half time !!!"
well played chelsea
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) 
 should not get defensive and should up the ante against the hammers in the second half . we are ripping their defense apart so far !
ht : west ham 0 chelsea 2 west ham have conceded at least one goal in each of their last 15 prem games v chelsea , since a 1-0 win in 2003 .
why all of a sudden chelsea wanna play defensive football n keep players like mata out
west ham - chelsea el derby ingles
why the fuck is the bayern and chelsea game on - . -
fucking cunts chelsea your buzzing about winning to west ham
bertrand should just leave chelsea
it's times like these i realise how many chelsea fans there are in my life ...
why did chelsea get rid of lukaku and sturridge . that striking combo would be holy 
chelsea , good job !!!!
hf : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea super frankie & oscar with the goals ! 
giroud lukaku gibbs oscar hopefully chelsea keep a sheet so i get points for terry
go chelsea !!!!!!!
great start from chelsea fc . hope they can maintain it in second half . 
chelsea well in control .. 1 or 2 goals and 3 points in pocket . 
how great is to lead 2-0 in the first half cause i hate late goals against chelsea we need more goals for the second place 
i'm a west ham supporter get me out of here 
a little in play single / double westham v chelsea over 3.5 goals 2.10 bayern munich win 2.37 4.98 /1 tipster cam
the thing that i love most about this chelsea performance is that it's still not the best the team can produce .
no one expected us to beat/draw with chelsea . however the performance itself , combined with previous results , makes it hard to take .
had a nice winner on 2ormorefirsthalfgoals ( betting in running west ham v chelsea ) with - 
chelsea all the way ? 
great 1st half hope we can get another couple to finish them off ! 
chelsea's passing is on fire tonight , come on the blues !! 
they should have left joe cole tho . he still owes chelsea a goal . :(
chelsea lead by 2 goals ...
thanks god its chelsea
i'm so bereft of any shit to give that i'm now hoping for a 12-0 chelsea win in the hope it accelerates allardyce's demise . cunt 
need two more goals from chelsea . want to be ahead of liverpool .
ben say mi nah get fi watch the chelsea match :(
1st half whu0_2 chelsea weldone lampard& oscar 2more goals guys
purdue tied at the half with the offense showing signs of life . chelsea with at 2-0 lead at the half . about as good as can be expected .
chelsea is leading 2-0 against westham . 😊
good game by chelsea . playing freely but it's mostly because west ham have been shit . no target man no midfield no spark whatsoever
can't see west ham getting back into this , they're awful . 
barclays premier league | like y sob | ht west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea goals : 21 ' [ 0 - 1 ] frank lampard ( pen . ) 34 ' [ 0 - 2 ] oscar
half time now , chelsea in the lead 2-0 <3
chelsea game , x factor , i'm a celebrity , then off out to get wasted , night sorted
have secured a profit of 400 or 576 unless chelsea throw there game away .
chelsea is winning !! great !!
half time at bolelyn ground , chelsea still lead by two goals to nil ...
although chelsea are winning , i'm not happy mata's on the bench .
my bro don't want me watch dortmund - bayern because he is watching a shitty match like his shitty team chelsea .
2 love lead at ht . west ham coach mean business 2 subs before halftime
idk what was more pathetic our first half display or chelsea's flare 
great 1st half from chelsea . said it before and will continue to say it . ivanovic is not a rb . 
qpr winning , burnley drawing , just need froch to win and chelsea to lose and the day will be perfect .
west ham and chelsea games interesting
finally catching up on made in chelsea 
 a nice game played by chelsea , nice pace even with west hams defensive formation .
spurs who do you hate more out of chelsea and west ham ? chelsea just i would of guessed ?
reach home ready to watch this chelsea game and sportsmax fuckin up !!!! ughhhh
come on chelsea !!!! 
that's it , chelsea !!
on the bright side , chelsea is 2 nil up ..
goal chelsea
chelsea doin me proud as of first half and i cant wait 2 grab 3points 
cheeky rt from chelsea 
chelsea marsh needs something productive to do .
first half .. chelsea 2-0 west ham
ht-chelsea power 2-0 whu ! 
should see couple of more goals by chelsea if west ham keep on playing like this .
abeg wetin chelsea dey play ?
wonderful touch from oscar ... chelsea vs west ham ( 2-0 )
well that was awful 
ht : chelsea 2 - 0 west ham utd ( lampard and oscar 
fucking hate chelsea
how is west ham gonna try beat chelsea without a striker ..?
bet if chelsea gets lukaku back during the winter transfer window , he's gon start sucking again for no freakin reason 😔
basically rt everything chelsea tweets lmfao
epl – ht score : west ham united 0-2 chelsea
as i said earlier i'm gonna be laughing at the end of 90mins when chelsea walk away with all 3pts 1
almost every nine balls out of ten jaaskelainen kicked ended up being a brand new chelsea ball . 
half time here at boleyn ground !! lampard scoring from the spot , oscar just doubles it up . west ham 0-2 chelsea .
always de blues up chelsea
chelsea is going ham on west ham though !
chelsea tanking as per tho 👌
chelsea making moves for khedira , falcao and cavani . we won't get both strikers but all we need is one .
chelsea in control here , after goals from lampard and oscar ( y )

 – ht score : west ham united 0-2 chelsea 
wat a washss oooooooo chelsea una no go kill me o
4hrs to sunday service n am still awake . my love for chelsea thou .
was it really any doubt that chelsea will lose
epl – ht score : west ham united 0-2 chelsea
arsenal or chelsea ? "
at least chelsea are winning . guck knows how we lost today !!!!!!
aaa westham paaa afta all the support
its chelsea -2 /west ham-0 @ half-time
west ham are getting relegated ! they are making it easier for chelsea to play rather than stopping them !
chelsea manager the special one ?... i don't know ... west ham's 4-6-0 formation looks pretty f***ing " special " to me
do one chelsea .
half-time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea
arsenal menang yeahhhh ,, chelsea pon menang yeahhhh fake smile in chelsea
was enjoying football super sunday till chelsea went 2-0 up .. so now am watching a different football 
some wanker just said ‘ fuck chelsea ’ in my house… i should have let one go in the living room… fucking idiot !
slacked on chelsea yesterday 
chelsea vs west ham , bayern vs dortmund or the boxing undercard ?? decisions decisions ????
it's west ham 0 chelsea 2 at half-time . plenty to admire in the performance so far 
i thought i saw rza on chelsea's bench lol
wow i'm watching 2 derby , bayern vs dortmund & chelsea vs west ham 😧😂
the blues fc . chelsea♥ :)
brilliant so far from chelsea so far putting pressure on the west ham defence has worked really well
in the build up to chelsea's first goal , tomkins should've left the ball to jussi and not headed the ball away
chelsea looking strong
what's even worse for west ham is that chelsea haven't even been that good .
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea fc
is how chelsea ........... looking invincible
come on chelsea beat that scum team !
chelsea ur a lucky bitch
here we go chelsea
nice start chelsea ..
the performance of the lads has been good so far . come on chelsea !!! 
chelsea are really playing on the high today , kudos to 12_official . for keeping the . attack at bay ...
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) 
i should get this chelsea away kit tho
just look for updates on dinnesh's twitter to see who is winning balon d'or out of the chelsea team this year hahahahaha
sitting pretty for £50 , c'mon chelsea
is this five or six games in a row that chelsea have got a lucky goal ? maybe seven ...
just heard a commercial on talksport during west ham-chelsea for their coverage of ..... mizzou-texas a&m
have to switch a channel frequently to watch chelsea london derby and bundesliga rival battle
sat in the social space rinsing chelsea fans and although they are 2-0 up none of them have any chat back 
werrin chelsea dey play ?
westham need to sort it out
west ham united 0-2 
chelsea . 2-0 first half time :) 
if chelsea hang on to their lead its a tasty wee £70 coupon win for me :d
come on chelsea !!! one more goal and my little wager will pay for tonight's night out !!! 
chelsea is a fucking character .
chelsea all the way . :d
both chelsea and arsenal score their 1st goal of some stupid mistakes .
well .... looks like chelsea are finally gonna win a game ...
ooh chelsea's doing work .
chelsea double lead
well done chelsea girls ! what a great result ! x ⚽️ 😃
west ham shit absolutely ridiculous defending 
 for life
uhm .... arsenal ...... no wahala ... i rep the blues ... i " m chelsea till i remain skeleton
lampard keeps on " chelsea badging " west ham
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea power .. 
chelsea playing well ☺️
chelsea football club half-time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea lamps and oscar with the goals . 
half time : westham 0-2 chelsea . * cheers *
fulham next weekend massive - lose that and i doubt bfs will be around to buy a striker in jan 
half time | west ham 0 - 2 chelsea | goals by : frank lampard 20 ' ( pen ) | oscar 34 ' 
chelsea need to improve on counter attack , they have more advantage over the host team , 2 goals is not enough to top liverpool fc .
it's west ham 0 chelsea 2 at half-time . plenty to admire in the performance so far . "
soccer would be much more enjoyable to watch if there wasn't so much diving 
chelsea hair farrrrrr from dry .
ht : west ham vs chelsea ( 0-2 ) goal lampard ( pk) , and oscar 
did you all know i don't like chelsea ? not sure if i've made it clear since i opened the account ... 
day full of watching my fav teams . chelsea , the aggies & the dynamo ⚽️🏈😍
chelsea are bossing this shit . looking comfortable in the first half . oscar is looking awesome . 
 all the way !
chelsea yaaaaayyyy
streaming lancaaaar jaya .. west ham united(0 ) - chelsea(2 ) goal by lampard(p ) oscar ..
lmfaoooo , west ham getting scraped by chelsea fc
john terry player of the season so far for chelsea . another solid performance 
chelsea told my mom im dating a druggie , and that i get all my money from prostitution and drug selling what omfg
at half time chelsea 2 up ! oscar and lampard ! ... lampard u legend ! 
hope chelsea retains their lead ! no complacency
' tis a tad unfamaliar feeling this content about a chelsea display in the 1rst half & 2 up at that . even talking to la familia at the break .
the important thing is ~ chelsea is leading
same again in the 2nd half chelsea please 
some boy sitting with an arsenal ozil top on in the crowd at west ham chelsea ? what a joker
that was a very good first half ! we need to do more of the same in the second half ! come on chelsea <3 ! 
chelsea got a penalty without cheating ? wtf
i now understand why people like football . it puts you to sleep . 
last premier league game of the day - west ham v chelsea
what a bollocks penalty for chelsea .
penalty to chelsea oscar was clever leaving his feet down so he would fall over the keeper , he knew the ball had gone .
halftime west ham utd 0-2 chelsea (p ) keep the blue flag flying high !!
halftime in the late epl game and chelsea leads west ham 2-0 at upton park .
nigga be at chelsea top on here 😳
west ham 0-2 chelsea fc ( p ) 
this is the chelsea that i waited to see :)
mikala , gianna , chelsea , tiea and my family are literally the only people i need in my life right now
west ham vs chelsea on the tv , dortmund vs bayern on the lap top , all with a beer ... ideal .
second half , please chelsea dont be a chelshit . thanks :)
half-time west ham 0-2 chelsea . goals from frank lampard and oscar put chelsea in a commanding position 
if you'd backed chelsea 3-0 for £25 you could cash out for £ 65.22 right now . though you'll know that in 3 mins 
the kit chelsea is using is really nice
big fat sam ha ha hate the twat me !!! 

the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago . hope .
chelsea have been gifted some goals recently though , thankfully at times
extremely sleepy . sleep is my primary need right now . i believe you can get the 3rd moreover the 4th goal tonight blues ! 
chelsea & chiefs better make my night . (/^ , ^)/
woke up early to see chelsea play
chelsea are definitely out playing us but we look really scared and definitely lost interest after the first goal !
raven said chelsea used to twerk on niggas at a rec 😂😂😂
sometime last year , som1 told me rambo is wastin as a dm at chelsea ! nd dat his a more of a winger due to his pace .. fair to say !
wish i was watching the chelsea match
i am a proud chelsea fan at ht
best away match chelsea played until now 
if chelsea win my dad gets £587 hahaha he's buzzing
half time ... chelsea 2 - west ham 0
westham to win the league this year .
if ur watching chelsea over the dortmund/bayern game reassess your career .. 
yaw chelsea iloveyouu
i like how lampard is trending 
where's chelsea heeley gone ? can't see her beautiful face on my twitter no more😥
chelsea dominant , wenger should be worried . he isn't getting the without a fight 
looks like used the international break well as look hungry , though contributing to their own downfall . 2-0 ht
45 minutes away from a cheeky coupon win 
i swear chelsea was getting on my fucking nerves last night but i've only been away from her & the girls since 8 and i already miss them😫
halftime : west ham 0-2 chelsea . keep the blue flag flying high !!
chelsea's captain has an affair with his best mates wife . ashley cole shoots little boys and cheats on cheryl cole 
i hope chelsea continue playing like this !
comeon chelsea !!!
i hate chelsea c.f
i walk back in on chelsea scraping west ham lol
 i saw diame on the bench and shifted to bvb vs bayern and no suprise westham are trailing
goodluck chelsea
shit a must be juiced a thought chelsea was 0-0
ht 0-2 it's all chelsea . i can't see west ham getting back into this .
ht 0-2 it's all chelsea . i can't see west ham getting back into this .
chelsea leading . 2-0 ..
it was only westham shouldn't have been hard anyway ... 😁
chelsea winning 2-0 , get in !! ⚽️👌
by the way , nice perfomance from chelsea for first half .
chelsea
chelsea are buzzing that they are playing well against west ham
oh dear & making my saturday poop :(
can't watch chelsea match ugh
chelsea chelsea chelsea win win win win🙌🙌🙌
chelsea can do it ♡
good start chelsea !
we are on course #3points 
chelsea need one more
oscars goal for chelsea >>> 
half time : chelsea 2 - 0 west ham 
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea fc
used to say if lampard is to play for chelsea , he should play as an c.a.m not at the pivot . today he is decent .
chelsea fc >>>>>> other bpl teams
i see chelsea
barcelona , arsenal , chelsea , liverpool had great scores ... this teams which i support in europe . it's your turn 
chelsea 2 - 0 west ham half time 
mi just cah watch chelsea and west ham match ( n )
so it's 2-0 chelsea at half time ? ☺ 
2 up in the first half is good enuf . 
up chelsea ! more goals in second half . kisses 
2-0 chelsea , brilliant
2-0 quality performance so far . well done chelsea . job not done though still need to be solid in the second half .
chelsea 2 - 0 west ham united
hearing that chelsea are two up . resulttt
at least chelsea is winning . :)
osheyyy chelsea on it !!!
 i love nandos and fooooddd ... chelsea is my loveeeee .
anyone could tell you the way to get at chelsea is too get fast fleeted forwards in and around terry & cahill . big sam ? packs midfield
chelsea 2 goal tops in 1st half xpectin 2 more goals
yes chelsea give it to dem !!!
must be bored if i'm watching a chelsea game .
half time - west ham united 0-chelsea 2 lampard(21')(pen)oscar ( 34 ' ) 
i'm inspired by chelsea ... will be having ham for breakfast tomorrow 
chelsea come on !!!!!
half time chelsea 2 west ham 0
chelsea is winning , meanwhile they are getting bashed ...
ermm tak layan le game chelsea ni
ht : west ham united 0-2 chelsea . frank & oscar . nice run , mou .
results like next week v fulham are more important than v the top 4 and the likes of chelsea if west ham are to stay up
chelsea we love you : *
chelsea with the white shirts and blue shorts look weird .
rt'd by the official chelsea account . 
chelsea play rubbish football these days
which team won't mk top 4 ? --> manutd , chelsea , arsenal , mancity 
i love you chelsea !
fucking hate !!!! chelsea
jose : i didn't like how chelsea was defending & counterattacking in last few years . | chelsea today : defending & counterattacking 
 allday everyday
lukaku scored 2 today , top scorer for everton ... look at chelsea
why isn't mata playing for chelsea again ? he's one of the best players in the premier league ⚽️
no college football games on tv ( antenna ) so i'm watching soccer . wearing my chelsea jersey . 
even here when they acore , no passion . chelsea shit
half time chelsea vs west ham
who would have thought would have picked up 9 points from chelsea ( h) , tottenham ( a ) and norwich ( h) ?? and almost 3 clean sheets 
none no_rookie : arsenal or chelsea ? ""
my dad has just seen the chelsea penalty and tried telling me it shouldn't have been given hahahah shut up old man .
towie's like so 2000 and late , its all about made in chelsea now god x x x
hehe , yaani no one has time to watch the chelsea game , tl imetulia bana .
2-0 chelsea ... usual 
yes chelsea winers comeo on chelsea 
two new friends on the train think that if i was on a tv show it would be made in chelsea 
smell of blue . yeayyy ! ♡
yeah chelsea dah 2 goal .
first half of a chelsea double is looking good . fucking love frank .
helping chelsea with her fashion . she gon be looking cute monday .
chelsea already ahead 2-0 vs west ham . not a huge fan of either team . epl
chelsea doing me proud ........ 4 life
i like chelsea performance 2nyt .. i thnk 4-3-3 is a gud one at last
if chelsea are winning , it's all down to opponent's mistakes . how you call yourselves ' pundits ', i'll never know .
hate chelsea more than liverpool 
top 7 in the prem : 1)man city 2)chelsea 3)man united 4)arsenal 5)spurs 6)liverpool 7)everton
chelsea chelseaaaaaa
looool chelsea go tell me something
keep calm and support chelsea fc
 were playing like a rabbit in the headlights !
the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago . 
looks like chelsea and arseanal got lucky today again . those cunts can't win without a penalty . fucking twats .
chelsea everywhere ..
ht : west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
chelsea's penalty was the worst decision iv ever seen 😂
chelsea doin west ham 2-0 
chelsea 2 goals up in 30 mins u know how we do 👌
chelsea is leading ... danny is hahaing .
barca won 4-0 , chelsea please do the same
hahaha .. way a go 
chelsea leading , now half time .
listening to chelsea grin
medio tiempo : west ham united 0 - chelsea fc 2 oscar lampard ! en vivo por kngs go blues !
chelsea is playing 🔥🔥🔥 rn
westham 0_2blues frank lamperd , oscar
2 more goals this half . come on chelsea !
lampard better than xavi . yeah , ok . whatever . chelsea fans .
happy ain't even the word !!! chelsea winning and just loving life 
need the chelsea game to stay the same score or west ham to get one #££
superb first half from chelsea . same again , please !
half west ham - chelsea 0-2 .. comments ?
 are just poor tonight , they need do better performance against in 2nd half
this match is a walk in the park for chelsea , it's a question of . how many ? 5 0 i say 
if chelsea score again thats it , its home time , early night before 2mos game 
somehow mourinho looks like a fool look at lukaku scoring goals with them goals chelsea could have been at the top kmt
makes it even worse chelsea are winning :(
watching west ham vs . chelsea
halftime west ham utd 0-2 chelsea (p ) keep the blue flag flying high !!
night off .. chelsea confirm menang .. ( y )
oscar has been all over the pitch . brilliant defensively and always in the heart of every chelsea attack ."
if chelsea win this game i'm £ 160.00 to the better . 5 team acca ! 
ht : west ham 0-2 chelsea . too pissed to tweet anymore updates , gonna go drink some jager bomb thingys ..
still can’t get over that double substitution 
tuning in to the second half to see my favorite team play💙👌 
dirty west london boy renting cunts i hate chelsea
chelsea are the best .
the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago .
i hate missing chelsea games 😭😭😭
 chelsea
chelsea can beat us ..... utd can beat us ........ but we gon pick d league ......!!!! 
is it a case of chelsea smashing it or west ham not turning up ? oscar can play , like he will end up being a proper 
sturridge scored 1 today . lfc top scorer and league top scorer ... and look at chelsea
chelsea drank a smirnoff ice last night
what a star oscar has been first half . come on the chelsea 
chelsea 2-0 westham united half time frank lampard oscar
always disappointing to arrive home at half-time and see that chelsea have already won .
at least chelsea are winning
that is the chelsea we all know . full potential being shown !
30 million mortgage fraud on chelsea b.s & gmac(an more ) in east london in 2000 - 2004 by muslims - all ethnic - prosecuted no prison given
this is the best time to play chelsea nolan kevin
nothing on but the chelsea game and i'm okay with it
chelsea need to score more goals !
currently in the same bar as phoebe from made in chelsea . not sure what's worse - the fact i am in the same bar , or the fact i know that .
 are making look like world beaters when there for from it ! 
nice 
forever blowing bubbles 
chelsea needs a more prolific sticker## ..... not## 
and good luck chelsea !
 winning though had to turn the sound off because of , goalkeeper should also be off . 
chelsea know ... nvm 😩😂😂😂😂😂
1st half west ham 0-2 chelsea . 
i think oscar has replaced mata completely like ozil replaced kaka under mou . delightful football from chelsea .
chelsea will jump to 3rd if the scoreline stays the same .
chelsea's set up is mainly a 4-1-4-1 , ramires and oscar closing down the right , hazard and lampard on the left , mikel bossing things alone .
chelsea's park jobs 🙈🙈
good job chelsea .
who scored for chelsea ? anyone !!!
i like google now knowing me well enough that it alerts me to the chelsea score with a quick swipe . 2 up . yay .
keep it up chelsea ;)
“ it's west ham 0 chelsea 2 at half-time . plenty to admire in the performance so far . ”
chelsea 2-0 up . not looking good for west ham : |
what do west ham fans think ... we're playing chelsea . there bench costs more than our football club . go support united .
getting my hair done for the awards pre party and watching chelsea be boss . what can be better ?
as comfortable a game as i've seen chelsea play in a while !
i need the chelsea boots that are in work , so lush😍😍
pls who's on d scoresheet to9ite for chelsea
in progress — halftime — 45+2′ west ham 0 - 2 chelsea
chelsea : arsenal or chelsea ? ""
westham don't have a short on goal !
357 - the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago . hope .
substitutions before half time = wrong starting 11 chosen 
" as a united fan .. don't think it's a penalty for chelsea .." you should have stopped talking when you said you're a man united fan .
chelsea on easy street here . not even having to get out of 2nd gear to lead 2-0 . west ham folding in face of pressure 
oscar has 6goals and 4assists this season & he works his arse off every game . i'll never understand why some chelsea fans don't rate him
west ham do not deserve to be 2-0 down . chelsea are so boring . and chelsea fans are the worst fans . 
chelsea fc needs to keep lukaku for themselves . 
chelsea now ha̶̲̥̅̊vε̲̣̣̣̥ †ђξ chance †̥♥ go 2nd i̶̲̥̅̊n̶̲̥̅̊ †ђξ epl table ,,,,,,,,,
and to think i gave up on a ticket for for this , oops 
chelsea never impresses me .
if chelsea are going to win just batter west ham !?
coming home to find that chelsea have won is always nice
ht : chelsea 2 - 0 west ham , who beat chelsea 3 - 1 last time
hope chelsea will win tonight :) amin 
not the vintage chelsea but surely the vintage mourinho 
chelsea is a way of life
all dis bad belle people insulting chelsea fans , we don't care . talk all you want .
you reminded me of the chelsea game ='d touched xd
catching up with two episodes of made in chelsea :)
no one likes chelsea but west ham are fucking cheats karma so fuck em up the blades we dont forget cheats cheats cheats cheats
i called chelsea into my room handed her a coupon to trop smoothie and then told her to leave she knows what to do
yeaahh .. chelsea ..
made in chelsea's not the same any more without ollie😔
if you haven't checked out curated by sacha jenkins at redbull studios in chelsea , you don't like newyorkcity .
 i know u aint a chelsea fan atm .. just be ready . be ready .
a goal and an assist for oscar , hazard with one assist . chelsea players finally giving me points in :d
chelsea is doing the business
chelsea chelsea chelsea 
jussi jaaskelainen has now conceded 48 premier league goals against chelsea , that is more than any other keeper . soon to be 49 and 50 .
rt if you are a chelsea fan 
chelsea 4 life
2-0 chelsea at halftime ! oscar and lampard ( pk ) giving us the lead !!
come on chelsea put this game asleep now 1
ht : west ham united 0-2 ( lampard , oscar ) chelsea 
chelsea 2 westham o . comon chelsea . .........
yeah chelsea ! 
ht - wham 0-2 che . fancy goals in the second half . chelsea need to win by at least 4 to overtake liverpool in 2nd place . 
i want chelsea to win on a bigger goal margin
let's keep it up in the second half chelsea
half time w . ham 0-2 chelsea
chelsea game stays like this be a nice wee 180 pound profit !!
what is west ham doing ..... man dem fi hammer chelsea enuh
ok so i am taking bets on the final score of the chelsea v west ham game min 1k max 10k if you win u get double u put on . lose= coins to me
charlie buys chelsea's apartment to get away from her ahahahahah
really want to go chelsea or paris 👌
can chelsea hold on ? hold on ? is that a real question ?
why do i watch made in chelsea when i hate posh accents ?
chelsea is playing well today . we must always start lampard & mikel in the center
penalties for arsenal & chelsea ? just another day i guess ...
ravel is putting in work for west ham but is it enough ? good fight with chelsea
why are people complaining about the chelsea penalty ? it was earned . it had to be given . 
so i'm at a party with my dad an everyone thinks his ashley cole , are they stupid his on the bench for chelsea right now :'(
just hope chelsea win 2nite nd spurs win 2mao
why is chelsea wearing to home shorts with the away jersey
half time .. west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
descanso : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea
west ham needs to come back and beat the hell out of chelsea . ⚽
dear west ham , please don't let chelsea win
well im at upton park and chelsea fans should be banned for how shit that flare was . 
if chelsea see out this game , and benfica , porto , napoli and south africa win things could get very messy later tonight 
chelsea acts like she's 2
chelsea needs to sign xabi alonso
lol jordan just asked chelsea if she could ride a bike lollll
westham vs chelsea ... ain't they gonna play the 2nd half ? 
its like your all surprised chelsea re beating west ham
i only hav less than 5 mins on twitter ohh battery phone kong leceh betul . bye bye semua ! selamat malam ! chelsea chelsea !
chelsea trending lah ... wtf haa
wenger relishing his team win over southtbampton . shame 2 southtampton and liverpool 4 missing points today . chelsea 2nd half bout 2 start
cheering go chelsea , go chelsea , go chelsea !!
southampton .. u guys re gud .. whc u gudluck against chelsea 
why does big sam not start with diame ? especially against sides like chelsea . also , taking joe cole is ridiculous . he gives 110% every game .
only two chelsea fans on my tl
chelsea up this bitch .... loyalty .... ii ni saba !
top day , settle in now for a brew , pizza and west ham vs chelsea
inter , real madrid , arsenal , ac milan , chelsea , barcelona , bayern munchen , juventus , manchester united , liverpool , manchester city .
glad to see chelsea is up 2-0 ! 
it's mostly the midfield that scores the goals for chelsea .
fuck off chelsea
chelsea fan club !
well done provo rec center . way to put the chelsea game on in front of the stair master . i've always wanted to climb 124 stories
would any west ham player get in the chelsea side ? no . we bring maiga on they could bring torres on enough said stop kidding ourselves 
if chelsea score two more goals n gt 3points tonight , my night's fully made . c'mon ... assanal here we come !
chelsea going well
lukaku laughin prob thinking i could of put chelsea in good spot but mourinho loss
chelsea rules .. 
just realised , 9 points 3 games v chelsea(h ) spurs(a ) norwich(h ) just let that sink in for abit !
come on chelsea !
trying to watch mzansi game and chelsea game at the same time really can make you hate watching african soccer i mean le go trapper ga pala
god im so sleepy but chelsea
second-half live : west ham v chelsea 
fuck west ham united , chelsea fc has this in the bag .
what a comfortable first half win for chelsea against west ham .... west ham 0 - 2 chelsea
goals since january 2013 : cristiano ronaldo - 66 liverpool - 61 arsenal - 58 man city - 56 chelsea - 54 man united - 54 spurs - 39
come on chelsea !!

for fans wanting us to come from behind to beat chelsea- lightning doesn't strike twice . certainly not for us . except relegation , that does .
westham you are diabolical . feel sorry for cole and collison coming off . allardyce should of had some balls and played a striker to start !!
chelsea seems in good performance even most of the players playing for their countries during the international break 
love chelsea today , so happy :) let's keep it up 2nd half !
chelsea leading the game by 2-0 . bleed for blues 
in december arsenal play napoli , city and chelsea in that order ...
ℓ̊ believe †ђξ match will end 0-4 w̶̲̥̅ĩ̷̊t̲̣̣̥h chelsea on advantage !!!!!!!!!!!!
just need chelsea to win this game and i've won my bet 
chelsea 2-0 whu half time
yeah ! chelsea is back on the track !
great first half by chelsea ! more goals next half pls ! 
btw what a player wee oscar is for chelsea
i love you chelsea thank you for following meeeee ❤❤❤
westham playing poor ! 
quite glad i had work so i couldn't go see west ham not sure i could deal with them larry chelsea fans ✋✊
shoulda listened to jesse && not chelsea .. thought my girl woulda had my back tho ..
chris is just like all chelsea supporters , scumbags
no connection at ground , i can't believe this . chelsea have one of the most fake fans you'll ever see
phenomenal first half by chelsea and oscar in particular .
who gives a fuck abt chelsea anyway
the sun's front page reads " terry sent off , messi misses pen , chelsea reach champions league final ,,, but most ,,, m , tmi , me/ou9aw
chelsea have so many penalties i swear
chelsea fans on top form at upton park 
london derby 100th games : west ham 0-2 chelsea 1 for lampard and 1 for emboaba oscar
it's soccer saturday at my house ! is winning and later takes the pitch ... 
great first half performance from chelsea !! hopefully we can get a few more goals in the second half !! 
staying in tonight . well when ur pocket is 600 quid heavier it would be rude not to . come annnnn chelsea
i don't think mikel will break lampard's goal record for chelsea
need chelsea to win🙏
chelsea 2-0 up at half time , hope for a good second half !
we love chelsea , we do 
ht : chelsea - wes ham ( 2-0 )
i would love to see westham go down
westham r a joke at the mo ... dnt even no y i bother watchin them anymore 
i hope chelsea don't lose it now and good luck george groves for tonight
second half is on the way . let's win this chelsea ! 
next week man utd play spurs ... so one of them will drop points or both . chelsea play soton . tricky for them as well we play cardiff
west ham 0-2 chelsea 
i'm a chelsea fan , but have you seen the guys on bayern ?! 
i still love you westham though
half time , west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea . well done bro ! 
great first half , chelsea back in form . time to get back in the title race 
i'm forever blowing bubbles , pretty bubbles in the air . they fly so high and reach the sky . just like westham they'll fade and die !!!
c'mon chelsea
chelsea handled in the 1st1/2 . it's kinda hard to reclaim anything after you get handled like that .
west ham 0-2 chelsea whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat ???????
westham get banged like bad bitches
why are we so shit 
glad i'm not watching the football , westham have been so wank recently 😕
if chelsea see off this game and man u win tomorrow i'm in for £160 , please 🙏
west ham 0-2 chelsea bet in-play via telebetting on 0800 121 4567 3rd goalscorer eto 11/2 hazard 9/1 lampard 10/1 oscar 10/1 nolan 11/1
chelsea fans =bossy n mouth-ish , arsenal fans =used to losing , liverpool fans = the real ones have grown old and died .""
i love my team up chelsea
corrr west ham are proper shit , losing 2-0 to chelsea ? might aswell relegate them now
anyone else up for bayern and chelsea game ??
hows chelsea doing ?
good defending work frm chelsea players keep it up
chelsea confirm can score many goals tonight ! 
really hope romelu lukaku will eventually want to stay at chelsea for a season .
what a goal from our wonderboy oscar . we two nil up now . come on chelsea .. 
good half chelsea , same again !
i haven't been in a mosh pit in forever pls someone take me to a chelsea grin concert please or atila
it's gonna be good when lukaku returns to chelsea next season and everton go back to being shite hahahaha 
live streaming links in star sports 4 will not show first 30 minutes due to chelsea's match .
the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago .
this chelsea game's boring . but then again , what's new ?
goal !!! oscar threads the ball low into the bottom corner after a lovely turn and pass by hazard . west ham 0 - 2 chelsea ( 33 mins ) 
come on chelsea !!!!
chelsea gonna lose , west ham buat comeback
chelsea is in complete control of this game . but anything can happen
 oscar and lampard have each scored one goal so far for chelsea .. keep it up !! we want to bring the cup to the bridge this year 
anyone watching on app on ? shocking pixel quality streams on all channels and a shocking game aswel
need chelsea west ham to stay 2 nil for 230 quid 
come on chelsea ! hold firm , press on !
mt : west ham 0-2 chelsea
come on chelsea we want more goals
i've lost all hope that mata will still be at chelsea after the january transfer window . luiz is a 50-50 .
ooo made in chelsea looks good next week
1st half west ham 0-2 chelsea . ^ . ^
get ' em , chelsea .
good night to second round haaaa .. praaa ..
c'mon .
and we're back at upton park . hammers were booed off at the half . they are losing 0-2 to chelsea .
chelsea better hold this lead .. got to love 
west ham v chelsea two teams i detest with a passion . thankfully barcelona is on the other channel 
can't wait for made in chelsea on monday 🙈🙉
well done chelsea another brillant performance 
going to 2nd half .. come on chelsea !
imagine bt sport doing barcelona vs . chelsea . ' and in the studio with us tonight , rafa nadal and stuart broad '.
at least chelsea is winning
don't understand why some chelsea fans decide to follow me then complain when i express my hatred for that club 
chelsea , arsenal & barca doing my acc proud . just need benifica , porto , real , athletico & utd 2mro
its gonna b all bout 
watching soccer whu vs . chelsea !! 0-2
come on chelsea ! give us more goals ! 
2nd half , come on chelsea !!
go chelsea go , haha
second half is now underway ! 2-0 !! 
my chelsea , am not even watching our game but am still enjoying it☺
although the 4-6-0 formation got us 3 points at shite hart lane , it's taken sam far too long to see that was a one-off . 
keep it up chelsea . tidy win would be nice
go on westham
chelsea back on live
made in chelsea looks so good monday ! silly louise 🙈
second half under-way : west ham 0-2 chelsea . come on chelsea !
second half chelsea vs west ham
now chelsea have to drop points 2nite and it would b the perfect nite ....
man united fan , i guess : boring game 
chelsea power .
great dive for chelsea pen by oscar . this cheating is spoiling the game .
england - premier league ht west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
if you're watching chelsea vs . west ham over bayern vs . borussia you're dumb as hell & missing out .
come on chelsea !
2nd half come on chelsea 
chelsea game needs to get on with , ready to see madrid play at 1
chelsea on easy street here . not even having to get out of 2nd gear to lead 2-0 . west ham folding in face of pressure 
second half chelsea vs west ham
chelsea to get the second half underway . 
always disappointing to arrive home because chelsea have already won in first half .. damn !!
second half ; west ham 0-2 chelsea
chelsea beating west ham 2-0 
fuck your liverpool , mancity , chelsea .
second half . come on chelsea !
come on down to morrissey's! we'd love to see you for the second half ! 
second time is on the way . chelsea to kick off from right to left
i swear the chelsea team is solid tonight
imagine sturridge and lukaku at chelsea .. and bo torres eto and ba . ive been screaming for this .. highly upset when sturridge left
no mistakes this half chelsea
fuck off chelsea
c'mon then chelsea , finish these horrible people off
qqn a un lien pour chelsea ? 
action about to resume at the upton park . it's west ham united 0-2 chelsea .
second half kicks off 24 2-0 chelsea .
come on chelsea ! 
kick off babak 2 !!! come on chelsea
are chelsea playing the spain 4-3-3 which is actually a diamond with 1 winger and 1 am ?
second half is here ... come on chelsea .. lets make this a drubbing
kick off babak kedua . come on chelsea !! 
ivanovic arguably the worst player on the pitch for chelsea .
hate losing to teams like chelsea
checked in malmaison . getting ready for froch fight + waiting on chelsea for my first footy bet win of the season 👊🎉 
which my chelsea team the best
kick off chelsea vs west ham halftime .
go ! chelsea ... go !
come on chelsea
c'mon chelsea !!!!
yes that's it's westham get them bubbles out again that'll do it
go chelsea go !
kick off second half . come on chelsea !!!
keep it up chelsea
i love these trending topics right now . :') , gary cahill , hazard , ivanovic , and stamford bridge . yusss .
the chelsea match ....
chelsea are the best .
and chelsea , lexus , & helena just sat there 😂👌
second half baby !! go chelsea ! !
yes chelsea !!! predicted a 3-0 win on this one !!
cmon whu you can do it beat this useless chelsea
come on chelsea !
come on chelsea !!
not sensing a lot belief in singing bubbles ! we've got to believe and get behind 
this game is far from over . come on chelsea ! score the third and put this to bed . 
just read a story about manchester united and chelsea looking at an 8 year old from argentina . that's amazing
second half . let's go chelsea !!
chelsea 2 - 0 up , come on ! on to win 150 nicker
one love one live one club " chelsea fc "
oscar is a chelsea legend in the making will deffo be a ballon d'or winner in the future , reminds me so much of kaka 😌
why the fuck are there aload of bubbles flying around at the westham chelsea game ? 
the second half is underway ! come on chelsea
let's go chelsea ! 
picture mail i got from chelsea 😻😻🙊💘💋
second half . come on chelsea !!
 west ham - chelsea
lets go westham .. pull back
second half is on the way . chelsea kicked off from right to left
second half is under way chelsea lead 2-0 .
i'm in no mood for any football tonight . german clasico , chelsea west ham whatsoever . don't talk to me .
switched to west ham vs chelsea . 2nd half underway .
45 mins to go 2 -0 
we are playing chelsea people need to calm down
come on chelsea disciplined half an take these points . get behind em !
finna cop the second half of the chelsea match
one national team indonesia , one local team psm makassar , one club chelsea fc 
chelsea get the 2nd half underway . 24
good 1st half performance , same again in the 2nd half please chelsea .......
kick off babak ke 2 . come on chelsea .
best chelsea jersey ever .
halftime chelsea 2 - 0 west ham .. * oscar , lampard 
england - premier league ht west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
don't want to watch chelsea a want to watch bayern
just read that alex ferguson turned down the chelsea job in 03/04 . looking at it now im happy he did , we'd have had david moyes now . !
well done chelsea
found the cutest picture of chelsea and i , aw
lets do this 
second half has started 
i love waking up in the morning to watch chelsea kick some ass 👊
comienza el st . west ham 0-2 chelsea
saturday afternoon soccer , west ham v chelsea 
my house is so tense dad and brother support westham and i support chelsea , getting way to exited😂👌⚽️
lets kill it .... chelsea ... second half on da way
more of the same chelsea !
pure banter in my house 😂 👌
who scored for chelsea ?
chelsea is just lyk that neglected kid whom you only notice when he/she farts
definitely rather watch dortmund vs bayern then the chelsea game ! atmosphere is unbelievable !
kick off babak kedua , come on chelsea ( y )
2nd ht underway : no changes from chelsea . 
westham united : the academy of football
if your watching chelsea west ham you're doing it wrong 
west ham 0-2 chelsea ... chelsea mi a bring lets go 
um i'm just going to say it fuck off nolan !!!!!!! 
da 2-0 lol .. good job 
2nd half coooome on chelsea score more goals
come on chelsea now , more of the same please . 
2nd half is underway ... let's finish this ! go chelsea !
come on chelsea !!
chelsea my life#
west ham vs chelsea ..... sweet ! 
rather watch a steve guttenberg christmas movie than west ham chelsea . two teams of cunts 
if chelsea win this then 1 goal has cost me £100
second half time chelsea 2-0 west ham
live ! 46 ' west ham v , dortmund v back for the last 45 minutes . 
second half come on chelsea !
chelsea lead at west ham through frank lampard and oscar .
let's go chelsea let's go
second half ...... chelsea pls make it 4 goals
early attack by chelsea
we’re chelsea
chelsea playing good 1st half we will win this game
the last time chelsea lost a game after leading at ht .... vs west ham last yr .
come on chelsea
watching the rubgy .... can't stand chelsea or west ham !!!!
bubbles ? hope they're magic bubbles ! coyi's have a super 2nd half 
tv room saga ... pple who want to watch e german classic n e west ham v chelsea match
and its super chelsea , super chelsea fc , we're by the far the greatest team the world has ever seen 🔵⚪️
what a great day . chelsea , bruins , and oregon are on . not to mention the day of the doctor . 50th 
second half underway . come on chelsea ! 
second half under-way : west ham 0-2 chelsea . come on chelsea !
its not above chelsea to lose this .
another penalty for cheating chelsea
westham shoots bubbles off ... lol
second half is underway ... whu 0 vs 2 chelsea .
 who can fault oscar's inclusion in this chelsea's set up ? he is been marvelous this season , in both defence and attack .
big sam's team talk was probably " just keep it under 10 " hence why our lads are out already 
get a feeling we will be third after fulltime .. chelsea are going to slaughter westham by 4 or 5 .. poor side . 
come on chelsea
come on chelsea ! <3 
( 46 ' ) comienza la segunda parte en stamford bridge . west ham 0-2 chelsea 
abit of quiet time with abit of juice and a salad chilling out heading home on the tune . missing the chelsea game but united tomoz :)
2nd half cmon chelsea play like in the 1st !! 
solid half .. need a clean sheet , very important for chelsea 
second 45 minutes is underway at boleyn ground !! west ham united 0-2 chelsea , there we go ....
west ham ahahaha you suck ... go chelsea !!
westham will hit us with everything they've got so please jose , put willian for lampard . counter time !!! 
our main competition is chelsea imo . they will build momentum in second half of the season ! so vital we get a result at bridge
second half underway ! west ham 0-2 chelsea 46 '
chelsea 2-0 west ham the second half is underway . 
this is why we need a striker , west ham , and no , carlton cole does not count . 
seriously what has happened to joe cole ? he was a fucking number 10 and brilliant player for chelsea !
 great to watch a jussi in -game vs . 
its soooo hard being a fucking westham fan especially when your out predrinking for a good night out and always losing ffs !! 
yeah second half ! cmon chelsea !!!
terry and cahill centre backs for chelsea ! best 2 english centre backs !
chelsea fc 2 x 0 west ham : oscar & f . lampard
west ham don't let chelsea score another
yukenduit chelsea !
secondhalf is underway .. come on chelsea !
half time chelsea 2 west ham 0
first half : westham united 0 chelsea 2
the last time chelsea lost after leading at half-time was 18 games ago against west ham 
not able to watch the chelsea match today 😔 
come on chelsea ...
shit i was watching chelsea play west ham when high caliber german teams are playing each other .
nbc coming out with some crackers ! " can chelsea hold on ?" better question is " will they make it out of 1st gear in the 2nd half ?"
two screens , two matches 
who the fuck is " big sam " 😡👎 
come on chelsea same as the first half please
im forever blowing bubbles ! pretty bubbles in the air ! 
2nd half under way westham vs chelsea
2nd half .. come on chelsea
chelsea looking threatening already as collins is forced to cut out a through ball from oscar . 0-2 46m
oh yeah it's 2-0 chelsea btw
second half , c'mon chelsea !! 
need west ham to get one back quick here but can't see it with them playing without a striker , joke situation v 
come on chelsea !
second half begin chelsea vs west ham united .
357 - the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago . hope ."
lets go .
second half … chelsea 2-0 whu
have westham got a goal in them
secondhalf . come on chelsea !
chelsea trying to put this game to bed
how quiet are the chelsea fans ? 
based on his history , how long is it goin to take before eto'o claims a plot against him by his chelsea teammates ?
second half underway ! west ham 0-2 chelsea 46 '
loved the celebration by lamps tapping the chelsea badge in front of the west ham fans
think i've won my 4 team acca if chelsea keep this up , always bet against your own team
downtown in a bar watching the chelsea westham game
2nd half is underway . westham 0-2 .
come on chelsea 
chelsea dominance
c'mon chelsea ! get another one or two to add to the tally 
chelsea by 4 or more half time in play . 9/2 
chelsea still remain the best term in england
 rocking right now on nbc finally networks bringing great games to the us
come on chelsea .
chelsea with a lively start to the second half . all in the west ham third . more of the same please , boys . 2-0 chelsea .
 ham 
 chelsea gana 2-0 al westham
go chelsea go !!
got home . got the chicken boiling for enchiladas . and watching the chelsea west ham match .
chelsea is so aggresive tonight :)
chelsea games done , over to dortmund - munich !
okay chelsea , i asked for a 0-4 . that means 2 more goals , my darlings !
357 - the last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago . hope .
hey remember when jacob harmond the fucking guitarist of //chelsea grin// favorited my tweet yeah me too
second half is underway , come on chelsea !!!
let's keep it up chelsea ! 
chelsea needs to kik me back so i'll know if i needa get my lazy ass up or not .
second half is underway more goals maybe chelsea 2 - west ham 0 
jamie redknapp : " these are great players , they play with wing mirrors !" ( talking about chelsea ) - fantastic !
last time i saw chelsea lead an away game 2-0 , it was at reading in january . they drew 2-2 
 gσgσgσ chelsea fc
big sam needs to give the west ham players a kick up the backside . there making chelsea look like european champions . 
chelsea grin - don't ask don't tell
come on chelsea !!
westham seriously need to get their head together 😤
the second half is underway come on chelsea !!
love that west ham is trending . granted , it's not trending in la but either way . my brother must be happy . west ham v chelsea .
come on chelsea !!!
come on chelsea !
at least chelsea is winning ! :d
not sure if chelsea look really good or west ham look really poor 
done study . time for chelsea's game
nothing spectacular bout chelsea
watching sloths have sex >>>>> watching a chelsea game
bayern vs chelsea is gooood
chelsea better finish this game off quickly
 look like relegation fodder
 2nd half under way
second half ! come on chelsea !
im watching chelsea but bayern vs dortmund is goin on as well . shit
with the 2nd half under way the question i want answered is can chelsea finally play a full 90 mins ? we've seen good halves before ...
let's go chelsea 
 soccer match bpl chelsea vs west ham united blue team good player \m/ keep metal tonight
chelsea playing 4-3-3 and lampard's back to making his forward runs again 
second half west ham united 0 vs 2 chelsea fc at bein sport 1 
chelsea manure man city & liverpool should start preps to watch arsenal games
second half : chelsea 2-0 west ham united
too sleepy . sorry chelsea . 
chelsea yer earn bp on www.monstermmorpg . com the total . by 
i really wanted to say stupid chelsea fans !! but i don't want to call myself stupid :/ 1dday
back too chelsea
wat a wonderful game chelsea ... let's go boys
another week another dive for a chelsea pk ? soon ashley young will be out of an acting job maybe he can start focusing on his footie career
chelsea dey win but * sigh * dem dey ball dust
arsenal won today now it's chelsea's turn to seal the deal
.. and coincidentaly the last tym west ham won a game after losing at half time was against chelsea
the second half is underway now !! , chelsea 2 - west ham united 0
come on you chelsea
chelsea are leading
watching sloths have sex >>>>> watching a chelsea game
 
chelsea play mechanically under mourinho tho
c'mon chelsea score more !! 
come on chelsea . 
oscar on chelsea is pretty good😱⚽️
don't you just love the chelsea jersey ? :) 
2-0 to chelsea . c'mon boys in blue !
come on chelsea let's score two more goals 
fantastic first half , all 11 players had an absolutely fantastic half . more of the same , go chelsea ! 
just saw how chelsea scored its first goal ... wow !!!!!! do they always get gifted goals by the other team ?!? mannnn
good luck to !!! 2nd half is underway !!! 
i can't remember chelsea's twitter name .
chelsea is playing great
come on chelsea !!!!!!!!!!
2nd half : west ham united 0-2 chelsea 
wow dat was close foe westham goal . 
need to get home quick and catch the chelsea game 😤
chelsea pride of london . xd
chelsea start the second half with the same tempo that they played in the whole of first half . that’s very positive . 
liamos top tip . no more goals in the west ' aam v chelsea game
the last time west ham came from behind to win a premier league game at upton park was against chelsea , december last year
head to head record : whu win : 35 chelsea win : 36 drawn : 17
2-0 chelsea , lovely so far 
first time this season chelsea have impressed me . probably because dumb & dumber aka luiz and torres aren't playing
nothing better then chilling with my nellz , smoking hub , listening to amazing jams and watching chelsea :d ♡ 
come on chelsea
secondhalf come on chelsea
streaming chelsea vs westham ~
keep it up chelsea
those chelsea kits are ugly
common dortmund''''push on sure u can do what chelsea an city can't do
name 3 chelsea players you love ?
downing threatening chelsea he should really stop doing that to his wife
we love kou chelsea . we do ! 
so far so good for chelsea !
second half on the way west ham 0-2 chelsea 
just a pity i can't watch the chelsea game ... my prediction has been wrong so far ...
come on chelsea now , more of the same please
second half under-way : west ham 0-2 chelsea . come on chelsea !
i very rarely watch chelsea play while laying down . this is nice 
we will do it chelsea !
now for a lazy sat night in front of the tv . west ham v chelsea now . then froch v groves !!!
always nice to get home and see a chelsea win 
can't see chelsea losing , west ham can be unpredictable though !
i love oscar ! 
westham don't have a good defensive mid fielder 
c'mon get a 3rd goal and wrap this game up lads . 🇬🇧
west ham 0-2 chelsea yay it's worldwide trend <3
come on chelsea 
come on chelsea
chelsea is leading :)
c'mon chelsea
this is the chelsea we know
good lead for chelsea ! 
good performance so far 
 west ham vs chelsea ! ♥
mourinho has done a fine job with oscar . he's been my chelsea player of the season so far
" if you get the ball to downing , westham have a route to success " oh no no no 
love when chelsea and galatasaray both play well ! 
chelsea peretti's brother created buzzfeed . welll
rt if you are a chelsea fan 
yes !! chelsea won !!! :d
kick off second half , chelsea !
fuyoooooo ... chelsea now trending no . 1 come on the bluesss 
chelsea do play some absolutely lovely football 👌
finally found chelsea lol i was having separation anxiety from my other half hahaha
35p on chelsea 3-0 looking good atm
chelsea 2nd half
second half , come on chelsea !
tybg for the chelsea game
action about to resume at the upton park . it's west ham united 0-2 chelsea .
come on chelsea same again next 45 mins 
4od sucks so much . i just wanna watch made in chelsea without it freezing every 5 seconds 😭😭
my teams are making me proud .. go 
come on chelsea !
after finishing up with chemistry i found chelsea winning :d
the football that chelsea is playing today is what i want week in , week out . unlike against newcastle or west brom . those were bullshit .
come on chelsea ! kick off the ball ~ !
not a fan of the club but the chelsea whites with blue socks really works for me 
meanwhile in england mourinho's chelsea is in a 2-1 lead against west ham
west ham hasnt given up a single goal this entire second half !! dominant ! ! 
" if you get the ball to downing , westham have a chance of success " sorry but when has this ever been true ...
another 2 goals for will see us in 2nd place on goal difference . come on you blue's ... 
as long as chelsea get a win i'll be happy
i can't fucking believe both the chelsea - west ham match and the dortmund - bayern match arent shown on local television . fml .
chelsea better take this dub !
watching west ham vs chelsea !
started as a youngster in west ham and 206 goals later is the all time highest scorer for chelsea , and he's a midfielder . frank lampard
chelsea killin it ⚽️
come on blues !! chelsea 
chelsea still in the dressing room ? fs come on
chai why are these westham players dribbling ramires like this
westham applying pressure
i'm literally in the worst fucking mood and all these chelsea twats on my timeline are pissing me off even more i wanna batter each one
important 15mins for chelsea .. keep pressing 
come on irons ! shit on chelsea
just played : the warden - chelsea wolfe
nothing better than waking up and seeing 2 goals . now hoping to see 2 more 
second half is underway , come on chelsea !!!
chelsea leads 2 goals 206
stil chelsea leads 2-0 ... 
an afternoon of football ... watching bear play fifa westham v chelsea on the radio ⚽️👌
fucking hate chelsea with a passion
looking at our fixture list only the games against chelsea and everton looks to be tough games left this year .
swiftly switching to bundesliga . whu / chelsea is a lost cause .
chelsea ... doing what we do best
... some chelsea fans can be analytically stupid ...
if you're going to be a fan , know something about chelsea !! 
chelsea is winning baby yeahhh
come on chelsea ! 2nd half
long walk to freedom and chelsea -tasking
west ham showing flickers of play . diame with a shot that trickles feet wide . still 2-0 chelsea .
" they need to get the ball to downing a bit more ." the commentator is obviously shouting for chelsea
i hoped west ham would put up a fight and be in with a shout against chelsea
chelsea in white blue blue , lets go ! ⚽💙
47 ' 0 - 2 ( lampard , oscar )
made in chelsea seasons 1 - 5 for £20 in hmv . someone , anyone get me it for christmas ?! 
chelsea just said she wanted peter pan bad when she was little um 😂😂😂😂😂😂
different different type of chelsea fans sha . this one is telling me that ramires is better than carzola
westham keep up d pressure might get a goal
chelsea u'r the best ..
this i dare you thing that chelsea always does after the first half * sigh *
nbc playing the chelsea game .
watching chelsea kicking west hams butt
why chelsea doesn't play the 4-3-3 more is beyond me .. happy to see it back 
westham playing like londoners
watching chelsea vs west ham utd good game come on blues
at the barber shop and most of them support chelsea ... modern day chelsea fans ...
waitin for chelsea for £75
ahh the beers have got to my head n i can't sleep until the chelsea game ends🙈
come on chelsea
chelsea are leading bt they are not playing wel
considering the players they have and the fire power up front , chelsea are incredibly boring to watch ! 
trying to watch chelsea while looking after cillian and summer absolute joy
wohooo chelsea chelsea !!!!! 
semasa : chelsea 2-0 west ham 
and mikel , lampard , ramires , oscar , eden hazard and eto'o all start for chelsea with essien , mata , andre schurrle , demba ba and willian
half time : west ham 0-2 chelsea | goal by lampard 21'p and oscar 34 ' )
watching west ham chelsea and i come out with it's snowing ... thick bitch should of known it was bubbles ha
chelsea is winning .. fuck !!
chelsea chelsea , chelsea chelsea ... we're gonna make this a bluuueee day ! let's finish em
chelsea good
skg ade game chelsea eh ?
a chelsea 2-0 result after lampard bagging the first would do me nicely cheers
don't let then back in to this chelsea
a looking for a 4-0 scoreline ... chelsea favourities 
50 ' west ham 0 - 2 ( lampard y óscar ) chelsea . 
chelsea vs . west ham followed by froch vs . groves 📺 saturday night 👌
see as that guy took out that chelsea player
old chelsea fc should continue with d way dey @ first half
damn westham lazy players just give the game to chelski the cheats and divers
chelsea still 2 ke ? torres ?
if you're going to be a fan , know something about chelsea !! 
good win barcelona lets finish it now chelsea
halftime 2-0 . chelsea !!!
we love you chelsea !!
meanwhile in england , mourinho's chelsea is trailing 2-0 against west ham
the commentators for this chelsea's game are boring ..
wow !! chelsea trending on top ! woohooo ! come on you blues ! let's score some more :d 
midfielders scored more than strikers in chelsea : hazard : 4 goals oscar : 5 goals torres : 1 goal etoo : 2 goals
please tell me what happened in the first half of the 's match .. what's the score ??? 
anything but a chelsea clean sheet please . 😄😇😇😇😇
can't get into this west ham chelsea game .... really boring 😴
k.o. second half !! come on chelsea !!
51 ' still 2-0 chelsea !
predict : west ham 2-4 chelsea
mourinho's right about non-gb players diving . 's first goal was pen , but brazilian oscar made most of trip . 
boring 2nd semifinal , its like watching bosmont chelsea vs tongaat crusaders .
chelsea texts me at 4am to ask if i'll take calc 3 with her over the summer
¿qué westham ni que chelsea ? 
hockey on all day , chelsea benfica and madrid today ... love saturdays
chelsea comeback !!!!!!!
pretty mad i couldnt watch the chelsea game bc babysitting
yappieee ..... lampard ..... oscar .... its 2-0 for chelsea .... 
ok chelsea relax now , you don't need to kill them in their own home , don't be rude ! besides tea time will kill me .....
chelsea is destroying west ham
good 2 goals .. lets go chelsea
chelsea unbeaten in last 6 derbies ... this will be the 7th one
chelsea 2 west ham 0
when west ham & chelsea play it's the largest gathering of nazis in one place since the 1938 nuremburg rally
lukaku now has 7 goals in 8 games , scoring his fourth goal against liverpool in three games . fuck of chelsea .
come on chelsea ... 
watching chelsea is such a snoozefest & its even worse watch the bitter ones chelsea . scotland v australia is on bbc2 , ah thats better !!
mi just reach in ... a wah a gwane inna chelsea match ?
chelsea 2-0 west ham . minit ke 51
let's go chelsea vs west ham 2-0 <3
chelsea are unbeaten in their last 6 derbies <3 how many likes 'z
first half was played so well by chelsea !
hope chelsea finish the job 
 gaining control of the ball over in the last few minutes 
watching whu-chelsea - diame has to attend a practise session run by ' the other foot ' ?
i can't wait till lukaku goes back to chelsea
back under way at upton park where it is west ham 0-2 chelsea
' 49'live ' west ham 0-2 chelsea ; west ham fight for a way back , into this game , as diame drives a left footed shot wide off target
what's the latest score chelsea vs westham utd ?
now that it's obvious they are winning this i could use a chelsea cs
i'm forever blowing bubbles west hams loyal fans are cheering you on boys !!! 
argh crap ... chelsea's winning .
.. 70percent of the igbo girls i know support chelsea
' cause chelsea , chelsea is our name 
haven't seen chelsea because i've been out ! sounds good though
all on the chelsea bench with torres and van ginkel both still out injured for chelsea with bertrand , blackman and hilario
chelsea chelsea , chelsea chelsea ... we're gonna make this a bluuueee day ! let's finish em
whose that fellow in yellow on the pitch ? oh chelsea have a goalkeeper playing . who knew ?
chelsea corner ...
in pub watching west ham v chelsea with russian commentary much better
what's the chelsea score ?
we want more !! come on chelsea !!
kickoff secondhalf , chelsea attack !!
chelsea 2-0 at away good ! good ! :d
chelsea are very good tonight
barcelona & swansea won , now chelsea just have to win , and the two madrid teams have to lose , and it will be a perfect football day ! :-)
been decent from chelsea so far 👏
i can finally watch chelsea 😢❤️
we’re the chelsea and we’re the best .
go chelsea !!!! go chelsea !!!!
come on chelsea ...
dis westham team is shiii mehn !"
excellent intricate play from chelsea in the box . oscar involved in everything . corner chelsea .
come on chelsea !!
sweet 3 points 8-) 
chelsea look gr8
kick-off babak kedua , westham vs chelsea ( 0-2 ) lampard , oscar .
am not chelsea but all i wanna see is eto'o score .
im not a deluded fan . we shouldn beat chelsea on paper but things can happen . but the way were playing we wouldnt beat a sunday pub team
second half underway , come on chelsea !!! - 
half time : chelsea 2-0 west ham
chelsea nooob
for 22 grand today i had liverpool 2-2 newcastle 2-1 nd chelsea 2-1 ... not toofar iff naybe
and chelsea is busy winning .... yippeeeeeee !!!! 
" wow , chelsea's bench is amazing ." me : " chelsea's physio is even more amazing ."
let's go chelsea 2-0 <3
jv regarder chelsea
mata really should leave chelsea . can't imagine he'd struggle to get a new club .
chelsea toturing west ham !!
if chelsea win then i actually win an accumulator ☺️ only £25 but still
barclays premier league : west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 2nd half )
westham defending
chelsea nearly 3-0 . cahills header cleared off the line
52 ' chelsea surge forward and get a corner kick for all their troubles .
watching chelsea vs west ham united . been up all night so dam . tired at least chelsea are winning 2-0
we love you chelsea . we do ! 
good pressure , good attacking by chelsea . 
chelsea fc baby !!! that's the name
chelsea trending plak #2 -0
come on chelsea !!
anything good from chelsea coming through oscar . west ham have a tad more life to them .
brilliant day christmas shopping with my lady !! and chelsea are winning 
can't beleieve i am dozing in a chelsea game , cimon guys . make it real . 
chelsea close
chelsea in cruise control
that was very close for chelsea 
chelsea fully dominating
great play by chelsea , whu are poor to be fair , but i like what i'm seeing 
chelsea corner . cahill header cleared off the line . looking ominous for whu . 0-2 52m .
watching the chelsea match with my dad . what is life
cahill's header off the corner cleared off the line 
chelsea r shitting over west ham
been watching this chelsea game for too long . so hard to stop watching 
west ham 0-2 chelsea wohoo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
come on chelsea !
let's go chelsea
46 min right , the players are back out and it will be chelsea to kick us off for the second half .
cmon chelsea i need another goal in this second half to rescue my bets today lol
great opportunity for cahill cleared well by noble 
west ham vs chelsea , oscars a beast
to all my avid football(international ) fans there is a good match between chelsea & west ham ... do tune in
getting the chelsea vs west ham game in the hotel on nbc !!! my day is made ! ⚽️👌
chelsea on their way to getting 3 points .
chelsea's 4th corner denied . 52 " 50000
brilliant clearance , denying chelsea a 3rd .
oi . goal line clearance by noble whu 0-2 chelsea 34_fp
second half is underway ! come on blues ! come on chelsea ! 
the white chelsea kit is banging doe . i woulda bought that straight away if it had a manu badge on it
4 freakin channels n cant simulcast d madrid n chelsea matches . disgraceful ..
goal line save by west ham .. chelsea denied
the good news is we are still on for 36 points bar a nightmare at half way point before spurs , city & chelsea away . .
50 ' west ham 0 - 2 ( lampard y óscar ) chelsea . "
" children learn from thrusting adults and trusting their peers ." thrusting shouldn't be in this powerpoint , chelsea ...
seriously though , fuck you chelsea . do us all a favor and buy falcao or lewandowski in the summer so we can sign romelu .
woooooooh what a save by the westham defender chelsea nearly make it 3-0
 a better question , shohidur rahman , might be how good were newcastle and wba to beat this chelsea team ?
supa touches by chelsea forwards
come on chelsea lets score a few more
' 53'live ' west ham 0-2 chelsea ; cahill powers a header from lampard's corner kick , the west ham defence with an off the line clearance
chelsea is making me happy :)
oscar being given the freedom of the boleyn ground . cahill has a header cleared off the line . all chelsea atm 
and i was watching the chelsea fc game good thing i changed it .
chelsea a lead a side 2-0 ! 
come up 
this chelsea squad proved me wrong
lovely header by cahill to make it three but the keeper denied the ball . cmon chelsea !
chelsea playing like its a practice match
lol at my mum talking to me about statement jewellery and chelsea boots ! 
chelsea , it seems like u didn't come out with the fire u went in with-put some pep in your step fellas !
oh yes chelsea !!! 💙
chelsea fans chant is jokes
i really should be watching chelsea but i am finding the paranoid ramblings of the borussia dortmund fans quite compulsive .
aside from villa's ( obviously ) that chelsea away top is bang tidy 
i know it's half way though the season but i quite like chelsea's away kit
looking like it's gonna go right down to the wire between man city and chelsea in the premier league title race , both teams looking great
chelsea fans saying they're best team in the prem cuz they're beating west ham -_-
dad can you please drive slower through chelsea
all rested for chelsea as neither/none of them are in the chelsea 18 man squad ( the chelsea starting 11 and the chelsea bench )
if chelsea win i'm going town💃
west ham tottering as chelsea put the pressure on . still 2-0 but could easily have been at least 3 . game over if chelsea score again .
if chelsea win then i've won my accumulator 😨😨😨😨
come on 
lets hope chelsea score more than 4-0 then we can sack sam easy ! :o ) im not enjoy fuck sams games so far !
soo bad 
chelsea suck
heavy 1st touch from eto'o down the left hand side is capitalised on by noble but west ham give it straight back to chelsea again . 0-2 53m
go go go dortmund ! go go go chelsea !
chelsea fans signing : frank lampard , he left cos your shit ! aha 
the chelsea and west ham game .
watching the chelsea game :)
chelsea is one player una think i don't see her 👀
chelsea finish up
chelsea's work rate has been outstanding
just spent the last hour of my life watching chelsea lately with my aunt
kemon lah chelsea , keep the lead guys ! 
chelsea fc !! wohooo
chelsea can be such a boring team to watch
super frank silencing upton park yet again 
 come on chelsea come on chelsea !!!!
good saved by peter cech 51 underway good hit but save again chelsea play very deffensive
chelsea 2 0 west ham united
hearing the westham fans chant frankie lampard ur sh*t ...... i wonder what they've been smoking 
watching west ham against chelsea 
i'm so boring that i would genuinely rather stay in and watch made in chelsea on my 18th birthday than go to the pub 😂
chelsea est a fooond
unable to see the match today , can someone give me a brief update ? thanks ! 
come on chelsea 
chelsea - west ham united ganan 2 a 0 los blues
forget the chelsea match german game is simply awesome
a switch 4rm d boring chelsea match to a more lively german classico . gosh , i was almost yawning
chelsea must win by a 4-goal margin to beat liverpool for 2nd place on goal difference
chelsea are smashing this
oscar bn involve in every chelsea attack 
we spent over 20 million on carroll and downing . i reckon chelsea would've taken that for lukaku and we'd be much better off for it ....
chelsea fans , bunch of fuckin cunts .
ethos been so poor for chelsea this season used to be a world class striker but now they'd better off if they kept sturridge or lukaku
chelsea not playing bad ball but it no good either . their defense save the day .
ok chelsea relax now , you don't need to kill them in their own home , don't be rude !
chelsea control game
chelsea are playing good
grande el blue 
come on chelsea ...
chelsea fans at west ham : " frankie lampard , he left cos your shit !"
com ' chelsea !! 
come on chelsea , i want second not third 
the chelsea fans are shit , per usual
chelsea are playing some great football ...
coupons looking almost in .. chelsea 2-0 up . nice £181 win ! 
chelsea are going to go unbeaten in the prem till after christmas , i'll put money on it now
some teams would be happy to sit back and play possession with a 2-0 lead , i like that chelsea isn't .
chelsea 2 - 0 west ham united
carefree ! chelsea !
almost 10 minutes into the second half and chelsea are attacking with intent to put this game to bed . ktbffh < enver >
chelsea pls win this game "
it's as if the players are trying to pass to chelsea .
chelsea taking the piss against west ham
celery celery if she don't come il tickle her bum with a lump of celery 
more of the same this half . west ham struggling to touch the ball . 73% possession to chelsea in the 2nd half .
" west ham's opponents are passing ..." " west ham's opponents have ..." bitch you got a problem with calling us chelsea ? 
any westham fans out their when andy carrols back no strike force fuck all
chelsea must really regret selling sturridgeirlfriend " hey baby , i see ur knickers are coming down in the sale !"
 now have control , of the ball and the game . 
so embarrased to be a westham fan atm !
watching the chelsea game :) wat do u think the score will be at the end ? 
" chelsea ooze class "
currently watching chelsea vs west ham
come on chelsea !
chelsea , dortmund , bayern and ravel morrison .... saturday night football has had worse nights👌
etos ' been so poor for chelsea this season used to be a world class striker but now they'd better off if they kept sturridge or lukaku
west ham are seriously shit . chelsea hardly need to try
chelsea have 73% of possession :o
last time west ham came from behind to win in the premier league was against chelsea in december 2012 , 357 days ago . 
and once again both david luiz and de bruyne are rested for chelsea as neither/none of them are also in the chelsea
liam is starting to look more and more and more like someone from made in chelsea idek
good start from chelsea
chelsea playing like they're losing good for a change 
chelsea ♡♥ 
jamie redknapp must've been gagging to sign for chelsea .
the chelsea kit is a beauty :)
that , and the fact wh doesn't even get back with better intentions really doesn't affects chelsea right now .
still waiting 
more goals chelsea . 
chelsea absolutely destroying west ham
i thought westham are playing at home lol 
watching this shit just makes me angry i fucking hate chelsea ! and i fucking hate lampard !
chelsea look so dominant
possession : chelsea 73%- 27% westham ... westham are defo struggling xd
chelsea must fall ...!!!!
do chelsea fans see how shite eto'o is , or do they think he's godly like every other player on the team ?
what does mikel give to that chelsea team ?
come on chelsea ! dont let us down . jack wins £318 if chelsea win
 always makes my weekend when chelsea are having a good game
come on chelsea i want 3:0
lovely performance from chelsea so far .
wow chelsea actually wins games when ashley cole doesn't play and mikel does wow who knew 
how could oscar be described ? he has good tackles , accurate passes , goal senses and poisonous moves . chelsea#
west ham v chelsea on nbc ? 
love this chelsea [[ chelseafc ]] away kit :)
just need chelsea to get maybe four goals to west ham's nil ???
another 2 goals for will see us in 2nd place on goal difference . come on you blue's ... 
at beginning of season i said chelsea league , man city fa cup and real madrid champs league .
there was this boy in my class named wes tham and he accidentally wrote westham and the teacher called him west ham for the rest of the year
is nolan fucking playing what does he offer 
chelsea till death do me apart . up bluzzzzzzzz
chelsea are dominating the game
ball possesion 2nd half : west ham 27% - 73% chelsea
chelsea are playing some good football tonight 1
that's one of the bets won anyhow now need chelsea to win for the second one 😀😀😀
come on chelsea !
chelsea r doin so good tonight 
chelsea power pagi ni yeahhhhh come on 
best away performance so far from chelsea this season . aside the scoreline , the game play also . satisfying ! 
just made the bed with chelsea and she goes , see why are we single ?
excellent strike there by mr. chelsea ; lamps !
half time , whu 0-2 chelsea . scored by lampard and oscar . nice work guys ! go up up up ... 
come on chelsea , one more goal and i will forever love you ! 
2 goals which have been the fault of westham . peno was gifted and the second goal was un challenged and a scuff . poor effort from 
my fear is for next week ... chelsea - soton . can we take a min to pray for arsenal's grace ?
another good chance by chelsea 56mins been played still 2-0 to chelsea
there is no way westham are making a comeback from this ..
chelsea have been a different class this game !!!
a chelsea move through the centre . eto'o finds lampard but the shot doesn't have the power to test the keeper . 
lamps is feelin himself today ! 
reading : one of the few teams i enjoy chelsea beating .
the easiest game chelsea play so far
chelsea all over the hammers
oscar scored a sick goal for chelsea
 # bluepeter i love chelsea and t.v please follow me xoxox
chelsea had 73% possession in the second half .
stats : possession in 2nd half so far west ham 27% - chelsea 73% . the blues are quelling any comeback from west ham . 0-2 
come on chelsea 
it like a training session for chelsea
when chelsea play ball they play ball lol
come on chelsea !
more chelsea goals would make me feel better . :)
anyone know the westham score ?
18 man squad ( the chelsea starting 11 and the chelsea bench ) all in west ham-chelsea in gameweek 12 out of 38
chelsea are playing so well
what a miss by oscar , guess which midfielder is in my dream team !
wonderful football from chelsea . shame oscar couldn't finish it .
good play from chelsea !
chelsea can win this game ... its fine ! as long as it stays 2-0 . in other words there goal difference must not go above +2 .
chelsea are just toying with us
think it's the first time that i've enjoyed watching chelsea . west ham are poor though
good football this is chelsea ! 
barclays premier league 2013/2013 update : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea . 55min
chelsea leads 2-0 against west ham at half time . come on hammers ! 
omfg that was a beautiful attack by chelsea😍
how chelsea playing right now >>>>>
chelsea going in
counter attack by chelsea
world class football chelsea love it
need west ham to kill chelsea off but can't see it if i'm honest
why does chelsea have to be on the same time as the canes ughhhhh
like a training ground exercise for chelsea atm
chelsea's counter is phenominal 
lovely performance from chelsea so far .
london borough of kensington and chelsea .
hate chelsea but they are class 👏👏
up gunners ! chelsea is makin it difficult for westhame
there's always a story behind girls being chelsea fans .
chelsea disrespecting west ham
chelsea look good tonight to be honest
beautiful football chelsea 
doesn't shaun maitland look like andy from made in chelsea 
so fun to watch chelsea play when they are like this 
57 ' wonderful play from chelsea ends with oscar sliding a shot wide
chelsea are playing brilliant football tonight
nice play chelsea boiz nice play 
chelsea have gat d best defenders in dis match 
i think chelsea are gonna win this one .
' 57'live ' west ham 0-2 chelsea ; lampard let's one fly from just outside the west ham box
chelsea on attacking mode ! nice shot oscar !
it's a bit too easy for chelsea
oscar so close to a 3rd goal for chelsea
chelsea have been class today .
good counter chelsea
chelsea winning . cheers to all chelsea fans yo !
chelsea caaaalm dominance
good stuff chelsea - let's get a third though !
great play by chelsea .
chelsea look mint🔥🔥
still think chelsea will win the league
hope chelsea wins premier league
dunno if it just because west ham are so shit but haven't seen chelsea play football like this in a while !
chelsea is absolutely having a laugh with west ham lol . what a smashin ' pen by lamps and oscar's goal was good as well ! 
chelsea are winning ? 
cc that crazy chelsea fan on your tl 
great counter attack by chelsea . azpilicueta involved .
 v doesn't deserve goals . like watching league two !
chelsea are dominating west ham
chelsea has played some boring football all season but this game is just dry . :p
excellent counter attack ... hii chelsea ni moto !
playing guys out of position , questionable starting lineup , awful subs . 
desperate for chelsea boots but they make my feet look 10 times bigger than they are 🙍
brilliant play from chelsea ily
niall quinn is going to have a wank on live tv over chelsea .
chelsea really really balling these niggas bruh lol
great play by chelsea :) 
close again from chelsea . class play on the left from azpilicueta . should have resulted in an easy goal from oscar but he shoots wide 2-0
very nearly a beautiful goal from chelsea
chelsea acting like boss eh
this is fucking brilliant football chelsea ! 
this is chelsea !!!
does he want to suck off chelsea anymore ?
chelsea should be about 8 up . said it before but allardyce is a dreadful manager
come on chelsea !!
chelsea are playing sick
azpilicueta is my new favourite chelsea player
chelsea looking all around fantastic , but on the counter , they're scary . 
chelsea's playing
i like how chelsea is playing today
chelsea are so good on the break !
chelsea fait son match
chelsea on fire here great to watch
chelsea have been memorising tonight .
chelsea are running riot😳
chelsea playing class here
chelsea dh leading 2-0 ..
chelsea are mocking the ting !!!
chelsea nice play ...
has mata not started again ?? don't feed my hopes like this , chelsea
currently : west ham : 0 chelsea : 2
chelsea and boxing . 
chelsea playing some great soccer
chelsea is just bossing this game right now
westham are muck
chelsea are really destroying west ham here . making them look like a championship team .
now chelsea is playing 
oh when the blues ! go streaming in ! oh when the blues go streaming in ! i wanna be in that number ! oh when the blues go streaming in , chelsea
chelsea is making west ham look like a second division team lol ..
wa that piece of counter attacking play by chelsea😍 
azpi playing so well . 
great play from chelsea . after a long time . azpi has been solid
chelsea have been fantastic today thus far 
chelsea are absurdly taking the piss wow appreciation
come on oscar .. you have to finish that 
chelsea pretty much killing west ham in every way
chelsea on fire tnite
i know chelsea are really good but are horrible today
chelsea are playing some slick football👌
chelsea are playing some good football
chelsea are gonna get this 3rd goal
this is the best i've seen chelsea play for a lonnnng time .
come chelsea ... let's add to the tally . finish those chances .
my o my , fantasy orgasmic play from chelsea
wonderful football from chelsea this evening
excellent counter attack for chelsea 
chelsea are dominating west ham
quality stuff from chelsea so far
azpilicueta is definitely my favourite chelsea player
still 2-0 : west ham united vs chelsea . live from upton park-london , england . 57mins gone
whu plz beat chelsea !!!!
a chelsea move through the centre . eto'o finds lampard but the shot doesn't have the power to test the keeper . "
conflicted i hate whufc & chelsea
wonderful build up by chelsea . loving this . 
west ham haven't turned up here , it's all chelsea ! not that i'm fussed , rather chelsea win for my dad
chelsea playing some good football .. dominating the game .
chelsea is playing so good yo their squad is on point
chelsea are just taking the piss here
how are chelsea not like 4-0 up ?
think chelsea is gonna win this one 
chelsea are on it
this is the chelsea side i like to see .
half-time : west ham 0 - 2 chelsea
training ground stuff for chelsea .. doubt they will even need a shower after this .. hammers hammered .
chelsea are toying with west ham 😛
" pretty bubbles in the air , they fly so high , they reach the sky ... but when chelsea comes , they fade and die " jajaja 'monchelsea
chelsea knocking the ball about well ! !
ball possesion 2nd half : west ham 27% - 73% chelsea
what i've seen if chelsea we look like we're playing decent football today
my grandma is really making me watch this chelsea - mnu game rn !!! i haven't done this in yrssss
chelsea are moving super savage i fucking love it
chelsea controlling the game , dominant so far in both halves and in all thirds . 56 minutes played and it's 0-2 chelsea !
can't hack the way people talk on made in chelsea , fucking snobs
chelsea gne 2 so far ... gosh i dnt like chelsea
chelsea are bullying west ham
im not even watching the chelsea game
chelsea playing well ... if only they played like this everytime
west ham are all over chelsea , quite embarrassing really
you see that . chelsea are getting wide and throwing in good crosses . that's what we need to be doing !!
chelsea tearing west ham apart . shows how good our win was
chelsea are just dominating
chelsea have been dominating the whole game since the start of the second half .
beautiful soccer by chelsea today ... i'd be surprised if the full time score isn't at least 4-0 to chelsea
do not care what anyone says but when john obi mikel is playing for chelsea we look so much stronger
excellent attacking moving from chelsea , oscar's shot went wide .
chelsea oscar is super hungry , i really hope you get fed because that will be another goal for 
chelsea are absolutely destroying west ham .
the chelsea , west ham game has been so boring
i wish they'd ditch that chelsea dagger song ! 😬 
bit off topic but chelsea are only doing the hammers lol
chelsea showing pure class ! 
chelsea are popping it about
chelsea don't need to defend , it seems . we just like to pass the ball to the wrong players .
so happy !!!! top of the freaking league !!!! 4 points clear !!!! liverpool drew !!!!! the only problem might be chelsea and man utd !!! 
chelsea all their way ? allez les bleus .
chelsea is playing good football at the moment !! keep it up lads !! 
westham scored refre flag up it was very close according to my thinking that was not offside .
hearing the westham fans chant frankie lampard ur sh*t ...... i wonder what they've been smoking 
my moms watching the chelsea game rn ... whaaat
azpilicueta is having his best performance in a chelsea shirt today 
spanish brazilian chelsea fc
chelsea are playing some lovely football going forward , impressed . 
chelsea just all over west ham . i want goals though .
i don't feel like talking to no one . fuck clermont . fuck florida . fuck america ! except chelsea because she's right next to me unfortunately😒
chelsea are playing some decent ball this evening
even when chelsea play this well eto'o still looks fucking shit . so far past it 
amazing football by chelsea ⚽️⚽️
look at that chelsea counter attack , not one player was bombing it but it was still effective , a player doesn't have to be a fast runner
chelsea are giving west ham the dick
one touch football from chelsea .
chelsea need to kill this game 😴
chelsea playing some niiiiiiice soccer !
we've reached the point where chelsea has worn down west ham and are having their way with them right now .
like a training session for chelsea at the moment !! 
chelsea are on their game right now
cracking football from chelsea , best we have played in a loonnggg time 
chelsea play boring football under mourinho . yeah right !
come on westham ! get a shot on target atleast , i've got a bet on you ffs !!!
' 57'live ' west ham 0-2 chelsea ; ivanivic's cross is met by oscar in the box , who can't quite direct his scrumbled effort , just wide
chelsea are actually playing some lovely football right now ... great to see ! 
chelsea are looking scary ! like miley cirus's eyebrows
chelsea are mocking it lol
getting embarrassing for the hammers at upton park . 
counter attack khas chelsea ... :)
chelsea look unbeatable ! 
actly chelsea had chances ..... . but meh
chelsea look decent but still think etoo looks rank . 32 and finished
a chelsea move through the centre . eto'o finds lampard but the shot doesn't have the power to test the keeper . 
a chelsea move through the centre . eto'o finds lampard but the shot doesn't have the power to test the keeper . 
hate to say this , but my god chelsea look good !
westham what a joke . u might as well never turned up to the match
west ham playing like contented pussy cats against chelsea here . they'll be like salivating , rabid dogs when we go there . the fans too .
if you support chelsea , i dare you to go upton park and shout west ham are shit
chelsea are so good to watch
chelsea are playing some very nice stuff today . looks like the break has done us good . now give me mata .
to the parents : your children need your preseore chelsea managers or new members of the sugarbabes ? - danny baker
west ham are making chelsea look like barcelona
hashtag cfc go chelsea go hashtag the blues hebat bye
chelsea is playing some lovely football ! so good to watch
transition from chelsea - eto'o shifts out wide creating space for hazard to exploit with diagonal runs , recurring theme so far from cfc
quality performance from chelsea so far 
fuck this , not tweeting about westham any more
chelsea looking strong !
inshallah i need clean sheet .. let's go chelsea defense !!
wake up late but chelsea up 2-0 ! lets go !
chelsea are oozing class all over the park . i hope someone clears that up after the match . health hazard .
 no matter the outcome of this chelsea's match , arsenal dem go still dey ontop . * tongue out *
looks like it's going to be a easy win for chelsea !
classy football from chelsea , oscar couldn't hit the target . azpi showin great form and purpose with the run . 
can't wait to go watch chelsea next week
supporting west ham is difficult at times 
one of the best performances of chelsea i'm watching tonight . lovely football ! 
15 mins gone in this half and no sign of a west ham goal . chelsea more likely to get a third .
west ham struggling against the might of chelsea 
nolan . why ? who would have him in their team ? anyone ?
some quick , wonderful direct football from chelsea now . nice 
chelsea absolutely bossing the game at the moment . can't see west ham getting out of their own half let alone scoring .
great seeing so involved up front . 
chelsea winning too . well , interesting day .
i strongly believe that the result will be 2 v 2 against chelsea . up liverpool israel osubele from nigeria
s/o to the 3 people watching that chelsea game .
chelsea playing good or west ham trash ?
chelsea ! chelsea ! chelsea ! foreverrr
sadly next season mata will move on from chelsea to either psg or at . madrid .... n come back to put licks in chelsea pussy * shrugs *
chelsea looking decent . oscar and hazard are top ballers 
chelsea knows i got the vocals
don't get to comfortable chelsea take your chances !!!
chelsea are creating chances . that's much better
chelsea sapa yang score , btw keep it up !!!
playing sloppy with no heart , big sam has lost the locker room 
a different saturday night out . on my way to handel's messiah at st luke's chelsea , in aid of west london churches homeless concern .
coupon looks like it's more or less up - just need chelsea to hold on ... that's what i'm talking about ! 
come on chelsea , one more goal !!
chelsea fc is on fire .
i get home and chelsea is up 2-0 . a great saturday for football in general .
come on ⚽️
this chelsea match is borin 2 me * yawns *
when we wnt to riot we call on d raze chelsea fans wch are d agbero's but when it cmes to calm invent dts when u'll see us there 16
only been watching this half but chelsea are playing some gorgeous football , oscar at the heart of it all . same story in the first 45 ?
chelsea fans are loud .. 
dave is the future of chelsea . 
seeing chelsea n westham match n its fucking boring 
chelsea too comfortable
fuck yes chelsea
this superb effort deserves more goals for chelsea . come on you blues ! ♥ 
buzzing off chelsea 
have to say west ham are a poor side with big sam at the helm . 
chelsea come one
ray is going big , bigger than bertha and that's big . he likes 3-1 chelsea at 13/2 . what are your bets in the game .
lets go chelsea 
chelsea have been great to watch this half !!! some fantastic football with 73% possession !!
this westham game seems to be going on forever 
chelsea are playing some fantastic football today 
" osgood , osgood , born is the king of stamford bridge " rings around upton park chelsea fans enjoying this . 2-0
chelsea look so good . so so good . this 4-3-3 has worked well . lampard and ramires played well . what a ball from mikel , too .
mikel gets a lot of shit from football fans - but chelsea seen to play a lot better when he's anchoring that midfield ! 
chelsea away in fine voice as always
chelsea are bullying west ham
next time out we will hopefully have at least one more goal than chelsea and any others that can find the net 
58 mins west ham 0-2 chelsea bets taken for which two chelsea players chris foy sends off for imaginary infractions in the next ten minutes .
sucks that chelsea are winning but at least this has proven that big sam's ' tactical masterclass ' at whl was a fluke ...
57 ' oscar misses a great chance to put the game beyond the london opponents . scoreline remains west ham united 0-2 chelsea .
if chelsea and real win i get £55 
chelsea is asleep on my floor ..
chelsea playing some lovely stuff , could turn into a hammering this one
did mikel just do a long ball for chelsea !?
while sky are showing a replay , west ham are taking a goal kick . and in that time chelsea already have ball back
chelsea looking good . oscar in particular standing out .
hate them but at the moment chelsea are a joy to watch
lemme text chelsea & see what she on tonight .
enjoying good food , and a good ass chelsea fc
you could definitly tell that chelsea was gonna win this game
chelsea bring loads of fans but don't sing
chelsea at tir na nog with dyl . hello , saturday !
 
sky commentators creaming over chelsea as if west ham are any good lol
59 . chelsea are ahead by 2 goals at upton park
craving a chelsea bun :/
wonder if the green street elite have had a scrap with the chelsea top boys
fuck chelsea
had west ham +3 as the last leg of my bet , chelsea -2 was like 6.5 before the penalty , backed it at 6/5 ish to save me the stress .
westham ay3 tw3 , now tune your tv to dortmund vs bayern
west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea . more blues .. kick em ' ass . 
chelsea looking all around fantastic , but on the counter , they're scary . 
chelsea singing away in the library of east london
west ham , rare trip into chelsea half , all dashes and step overs . attempted cross collected & dispatched by mikel : while lighting his cigar .
hawa westham wanacounter hazard na ma body check .
chelsea are destroying west ham !!
come on chelsea ...!!
i'm watching west ham v . chelsea on my computer and my parents are watching the gamecocks on the ipad . in the same room . 
chelsea owns this game , came close 3-0 a couple of times and west ham create few opportunities . i bet chelsea - 0.25 1.88 ( 0-2 ) at 58min .
chelsea gonna win !! 
can't explain how much i hate chelsea
woooow ! this is chelsea menh ! glad to see them playing with full confidence & class . 
chelsea good af
great football from chelsea absolutely dominant great too watch :)
this chelsea team really looks like it has a purpose
watchin the chelsea game , anyone else think hazard is over-rated
chelsea be killing ' em
your fav chelsea player ? 
come on ..... 
ive actually never ever witnessed westham play so badly
the whole chelsea team have been superb tonight .... all round defensively and going forward also
2 chelsea goals will make me a very happy man . 
oh for fucks sake there wasnt even another goal in the chelsea game
chelsea are playing very well tbh
clever ball from westham and a good defending from iva
chelsea fans watch your match jor ! bayern vs borrusia
bvb vs bayern munchen match over chelsea's match .
boring chelsea match * yawns *
west ham v chelsea 60 min , still 0-2 
this is the chelsea everyone loves to watch !
lol eyy yall lie nf .. chelsea look average
chelsea z doin well
ivanovic is having a great game for chelsea here , great defending
chelsea all the way !
chelsea trending on first spot in india !
wouldn't mind an ivanovic goal and chelsea clean sheet
chelsea .... is that you yeah 👀
~ a mistake is just another way of doing things , ~said he's leaving chelsea ? were they wrong ? yes they fucking were ,
chelsea starting to threaten on the break . classic mourinho 
in town watching chelsea - ready to put my 3d glasses on for the day of the doctor in fact .
chelsea said her neck was swollen , i'm done wit her 😭
yes chelsea this is what i like to come to see 0-2 to the blues !
azpilicueta proving what he said yesterday " i don't imagine myself playing for any other club than chelsea " top lad . 
amazes me watching this chelsea team how we made them look like west ham the other week . 
chelsea fc is amazing
got back from a good day at work to see chelsea are 2-0 up 💙💙
watching the chelsea match and seeing jack wolfskin ads is killing me since i lost mine 😢
£320 on my coupon if chelsea win !
" a chelsea move through the centre . eto'o finds lampard but the shot doesn't have the power to test the keeper . "
 don't worry hammers - andy carroll will be fit and ready to go in 2016
hate the way chelsea and west ham play football
anybody watching dortmund bayern ? don't have a laptop and chelsea is always priority
what's the chelsea score ? 
chelsea playing great football yess
i want a white chelsea jersey ... either david luiz or eden hazard ...
if you want to see the chelsea highlights press the the red button . if you want to see the west ham highlights your shit out of luck . 
come on chelsea ! kill the game off !
that's not fair , chelsea are playing proper defenders and strikers , if we are not neither should they ! 
dick was a chelsea fan but tracy questioned his mind when he began waving a huge flag in the living room . she wasn't the 1st nor the last .
playing sloppy with no heart today 
west ham vs chelsea : there's oscar , then there are another 21 players on the pitch . cfc 2 up and for one reason only .
how is that a chelsea free kick you prick
c'mon chelsea , keep a clean sheet and score atleast 1 more
good counter from chelsea
' 60'live ' west ham 0-2 chelsea ; beautiful challenge from ivanovic , who prevents downing getting a cross in , corner to west ham
chelsea gagne 2-0 proooopre 
chelsea is leading now with 2 goals by lampard and oscar
omfg there was this guy at cafe beograd in chelsea adidas sweats and he was the typical serbian soccer player and he looked at meimsweating
chelsea ... 
i cant even watch d chelsea game , dstv cant even give me extra 1 hour . wicked ppl .
will the ref give us a foul today . given everything to chelsea .
the walmart break room is really watching the chelsea soccer game !! 😍⚽️
when we've picked up the ball we have been ok , but no final ball and great defending by chelsea tbh !!
watching westham makes me wanna run into a wall
ive actually just bet on chelsea to win 4-0 . west ham are a joke !
oh mureenyo , you so amazeng 
it's an absolute delight watching chelsea under mourinho . different class 
ivanovic is a unsung hero- this guy is probably chelsea's most consistent performer in the last 2 seasons 
well unless a miracle happens that's chelsea still chasing premier league top spot at the expense of west ham
 chelsea !!!!!!
we knw chelsea wud win dis match y watch mchewwww its not as if their players are cute sef
run out of wine again !!!! on the plus side winning my football bet 
me chelsea ashia dead keekee shay and domo lmaoo
chelsea are playing absolutely amazing
chelsea vs westham , wat a boring match
chelsea get every fucking decision piss aff
chelsea clean sheet that's all i want for xmas 
watching this chelsea game i'm like - . - we really got smashed 3-0 by this team at home
chelsea need another goal to really kill this game 
west ham corner . stadium totally quiet but for chelsea end . home fan , disgusted , bellowing : " it's aaa cowner ! two niw daaahn n aaa cowner !"
being forced to watch made in chelsea 
the need for a centre forward who can play alone up top is so obvious 
this superb effort deserves more goals for chelsea . come on you blues ! ♥ 
petr cech will get his 200th clean sheet if chelsea wins today .
4 points clear . chelsea get another pen .
catching the second half of the chelsea game . pleasant score
morrison , noble and downing are the only three i have been slighly happy with ... chelsea looking the more likely to get a 3rd .
every chelsea player with a cigar at upton park . wait til utd go there and they up there game by at least 50% . 
could parry and quinn be any further up chelsea's arse !!
hey look , it's petr cech . he is actually playing . and he finally touched the ball . after 60mins . on course for his 200th chelsea clean sheet
cardiff-hull-everton-city-chelsea . next games before xmas .. lets ride . 
can see lukaku being at chelsea next season , no loan . with one of there ' strikers ' leaving ofcourse .
chelsea are looking a class act going forward !
lovely stuff from chelsea 
few moments of laziness shown by chelsea here . we don't want to concede now .
 chelsea ! bleed blue ...!!!!
why am i sitting here watching westham
* watching alan carr chatty man * mum : who is that " the only way is chelsea "? 😂😂
so chelsea got a penalty against west ham and lampard as usual for chelsea against his old club west ham scored the chelsea penalty
victoria is half british , half fijian . she grew up in chelsea but has a second home in the bahamas ! 
me and chelsea twerking while watchin miely the movement
i think i may move to the uk . i mean , i rather listen to bbc , and i’m a chelsea fan . plus , my ass is close to royalty .
cech heading for his 200th chelsea clean sheet . legend .
yes , .
you know the chelsea away fans are happy when they go through the full repertoire of songs .
chelsea 2-0 up and i'll be £115 up 
come on chelsea . . 4 more goals please
61'min still chelsea 2 - 0 west ham 
hate chelsea , but their away kits are slick . may be the best in the epl
beautiful football ♥ 
60 ' west ham 0-2 chelsea cech has made no save uptill now . 30 mins more without conceding and it will be his 200th clean sheet . -hb
mikel is such a good assurance at the midfield , he makes chelsea back 4 job easier . 
and its super chelsea !! super chelsea fc !!
penalty scored by lampard and then a good goal by oscar whu 0-2 chelsea
the barman and i bonded watching soccer . i don't know his name , only that he supports chelsea
clean the kitchen or watch ?
chelsea are winning ⚽️
the chelsea fans bringing out all the classics 
this ref is so pro chelsea it's sickening he should just wear the chelsea kit with his whistle
watching west ham vs chelsea ! very happy !! it's 2-0 chelsea ! 😊
chelsea are playing good "
the wolverine selesai didonlot next west ham vs chelsea .
watching chelsea match
pls who score chelsea goals 
azpi has been playing so well ... 
watching chelsea against west ham , i can't help but wonder : how on earth did we beat them ? 
am listening from nigeria and am giving chelsea the win 
best ave seen chelsea play all season , also helped by west ham being awful though ! 
i wish this chelsea match would stop cutting in and out and freezing ... get your shit together 
though west ham would have given chelsea a bit more of a game ! its like a training session !
peter cech heading for his 200th clean sheet for chelsea 
game liverpool seri . chelsea 2 . what a nice game tonite .. :)
match updates : premier league - chelsea line up : cech ; ivanovic , cahill , terry , azpilicueta , mikel , lampard , ramires , oscar , hazard , eto '...
so chelsea got a penalty as usual against west ham and lampard as usual for chelsea against his old club west ham scored the chelsea penalty
chelsea game holding up strictly in the lloyd household tonight !
i need two more goals from chelsea !!!!!!!!! 
finished work should rest . but i watching chelsea match .
61 mins ' possesion west ham 41% - chelsea 59%
come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea !!!
watching this chelsea match !
football is a beaaauuuutiful sport . 
petr cechs next game would be his 450th chelsea appearance !!!
waiting chelsea score again
against west ham to make it west ham 0 chelsea 1 and oscar made it west ham 0 chelsea 2
2-0 to chelsea so far
60 ' west ham 0-2 chelsea cech has made no save uptill now . 30 mins more without conceding and it will be his 200th clean sheet . sd
when you see a chelsea fan supporting arsenal too win , you should know nairabet is involved ...
petr cech looking for 200 cleansheet for chelsea now !
macam handsome je player number 17 chelsea lol
come on add to gol chelsea
chealsea chelsea untok 2 goal
yes cmon 3-0 westham
chelsea and west ham are playing and chelsea lead the way 2-0
why did i think chelsea were playing cardiff today ? lmao shit
i wouldn't mind betting at times like this wish they had andy carroll fit 
yaaaa chelsea 2-0 west ham oscar scored and so did lampard 
chelsea so funny .
alan pardew on nufctv : " the agenda set before the game was ' we ain't getting beat today - we've got to win after beating chelsea and spurs ."
difference between liverpool and chelsea same points , liverpools considered an awesome start to the season , chelsea considered a shit start .
maiga's doing better up front than the striker he replaced . oh wait ... 
what about chelsea time to sleep ..
adam and chelsea bond over the child . adam defends chelsea to victor . so its safe 2 say cham will be united soon . . hmmm ..
update : 60 ' west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
watching chelsea vs west ham united
come on the chelsea 
i have definitely improved chelsea's quality of life by showing her the beards band 😂😂😂
we are chelsea " the blues " .
west ham vs chelsea , streaming ?
truth is mata is better than oscar , he just needs playing time . remember mata was chelsea's best player the season both played .
chelsea's tweet made me wanna watch the movie sooo i'm gonna .
good practice round today , now just watching chelsea
 playn some sexy football here
what to cut : calls to shed debt-burdened fannie , freddie for him and chelsea and stories are nonsense , he goes nowhere ,
prem on nbc + michigan football on btn app = very happy saturday , even if chelsea are winning .
we the 3 chelsea fans are not tweeting about the game because we already won it in the 1st half
come on chelsea put this to fucking bed
chelsea attack the goal more fgs
great stuff from chelsea ! 
loving these commentators for the chelsea west ham game 
peter cech 199 clean sheets for chelsea fc 
chelsea please , why now☹
what can i say ? chelsea playing some footy thanks to one thing : a dm that does his job with 2 box to box players alongside him . 433 mates .
i bridge on tha dortmund v bayern game .. i bridge on tha chelsea v west ham game .... real madrid on d pitch warmin up . game time soon
' 62'live ' west ham 0-2 chelsea ; maiga attempts to hit diame's cross on the acrobatic , he misses his kick though
 : grave danger of relegation ? i suppose might save them but it needs two other clubs to " help ". hard to see which ?
chelsea know damn well her neck not swollen😒
got louise to put on the chelsea game at hers 
chelsea out here scrimmaging with juniors
and like westham they fade and die !!!! blowing bubbles
if chelsea win 3-1 15 quid in the bag spending it on the froch fight !!!!!
chelsea is whooping that ass
c'mon !!
no shade to ellen but how do people find her funny ?? chelsea handler and kathy griffin >>
i would love to see eto'o be chelsea's #1 striker .
60 ' hammers wasting scoring chances as m . maiga tried a volley but turns over possession to chelsea .
maiga on west ham . how stupid are you my african . you missed the ball totally and you almost kicked the chelsea player on his head .
eto'o tries a lovely , curling shot from outside the box . a fraction wide . the cameroonian is showing genius touches . 2-0 chelsea .
( ' 60 ) west ham 0-2 
chelsea's home jerseys this year are awesome !
standing outside the pub looking through the windows at the chelsea game lol
this has got to be one of chelsea best performances so far thi season , comfortable and enjoyable ! 
oscar is playing in the wings but interchanging with eto'o and ramires . so hard to track . defensively , chelsea has been class .
brilliant chelsea side
oscar is carrying chelsea this season
c'mon chelsea we need a 4-0 victory ! 
way to go , blues . 
this surely isn't the same chelsea team that we beat three weeks ago . 
west ham corner stadium totally quiet but for chelsea end . home fan , disgusted , bellowing " it's aaa cowner ! two niw daaahn n aaa cowner !"
the two most underrated players for chelsea are mikel are azpi easily , luiz and cole being the most overrated .
missed the first half of the chelsea match for some geo study
and that's three wins from three chelsea , tottenham and now norwich . 
west ham vs chelsea on barclays premier league 
chelsea are playing so well today . plenty of attack and a strong defence , which is what we have lacked in past games 
let's get some more chelsea goals ! 
gbx on & a chelsea victory ( hopefully ) to send saturdays coupon home . happy saturday team .
no telecast for chelsea here ... so i'll watch der klassiker
as always , we'll pick ourselves up and move on to the next fixture . away next sunday , bring it on ! 
frank lampard is 35 years old but i think that he's the best young talent ! 
just one more goal will put chelsea back in second place in the league :) 
even bbc is confused where the chelsea west ham is happening . chelsea's dominance make it seems they are playing at the bridge 
if torres would shoot as much as eto'o he'd have scored tons for chelsea .
chelsea play lovely football
i miss chelsea 😿
chelsea vs west ham . come on blues <3 ktbffh
watching the chelsea game 👌⚽️
shot ( on target ) : west ham 5 ( 0 ) - 15 ( 6 ) chelsea
shot on target : west ham 0 - 6 chelsea
we are straight dominating this match 
chelsea be looking scared 😳 lmao
i really don't like chelsea's kit today
founders pale ale on nitro . chelsea up 2-0 .
chelsea are unbeaten in their last 6 derbies how many likes
mikel obi is very very good . rt if u think so to . 
very dry game , no short on target 4rm westham . playing a bonus team
eto , hazard , oscar & dave have had a cracking game tonight ! 
chelsea not doing too bad atm
my dad and i are teaching chelsea how to drive today . pray for me 🙏 haha
why do chelsea have a tendency to ruin strikers ?
2-0 chelsea . game is going quick .
i'm forever blowing bubbles :) 
this game ..... 
i want chelsea to win because i like blue
chelsea are all over west ham ! ⚽️
if chelsea score 2 more , they go up in terms of goal difference .
hazard lately have been average by his standard , not just with chelsea but belgium too . 
watching my first premier league game this morning west ham v . chelsea 
 
shot on target - west ham 0 - 6 chelsea
cmon chelsea finish them off !!!
etoo come back to chelsea ?!? niall quinn is theeee shittest commentator
glad i didn't go to the whu - chelsea game in the end . 
azpilicueta is fantastic , he's one of my favourite chelsea players at the moment . he's having another solid game out of position . 
chelsea score anyone ???
demel is seems to be having a stinker for but from what i've watched he's the worst footballer i've seen !
why are westham so shit pls someone tell me .. is it cos my blue team are so fab : >
quinn " et'o is fitter than he's ever been ...... since he's been at chelsea " for a split second these pundits forget we aren't all stupid !!
victoria del chelsea por 0-2 
cahill looks a lot more comfortable playing for chelsea than he does for england 
nothing against eto'o or ba , torres done the best job up there 
 west ham - chelsea
chelsea passing looking sharp especially for the eto'o effect
westham you muppets
nw :: west ham - chelsea
 whats the latest score for chelsea vs whu game ??
chelsea looking sharp !! the movement of oscar & etoo hv been mad impressive
commentator ' mikel is an insurance policy in the chelsea midfield '
just wide by maiga , westham just about scored
sacraments bring with them the clearest promises , and represent official chelsea account and saying we've sold mata ,,,
another funny thing is that nsa wants to make information " immediately available at the lowest classification level ." um , chelsea , anyone ?
niall quinn - eto'o is as fit as he's ever been after coming back to chelsea . hmm
what an excellent miss . 
chelsea's defence just got chopped ...
from west ham . to chelsea .... lampard scores 206th in the change ....
it is so nice to see a full back in a chelsea shirt who can put a decent ball in , gives us another dimension to our game . 
why am i watching the chelsea game
west ham go close with maiga ! great work by demel . chelsea , shut up shop now please for our !
demel just ripped chelsea a new arse there
oh fuck maiga you useless piece of shit . 
chelsea players are dreaming right now . wake up guys !
hope to fuck chelsea keep a clean sheet considering i have both terry & ivanovic in fantasy 
 its a proud moment when a team in the premierships fans hate you . oh look they are losing to chelsea . shame . not .
come on chelsea , wtf ! do the third , the forth , don't allow they to get the ball !
the football club from chelsea looks mighty good today . 
we got lucky here . wake up chelsea !
chelsea fans are mostly arrogant by nature .
how do you miss that 
see individual effort . 
i really like watching how jose is transforming this chelsea side ...
demel mad chelsea's defence look silly
2 nil to chelsea .. yupp
if today chelsea win , back to second place in the standings with one point of detachment from arsenal !
weak defence by chelsea
defensive howler there from chelsea .
how upsettin for westham supporters .
how are these donkeys professional footballers ?? 
chelsea have been putting in that work 
chelsea has the best footwork . ⚽️👌
chelsea caught napping ... if that had gone in , it would have created a nervy end
very lucky for chelsea there . don’t know how west ham didn’t manage to score there . 
chelsea's away jerseys look weird .
west ham should've scored , demele wriggles past three chelsea defenders . maiga can't get a touch on it . remains 2-0 . buck up chelsea !
demel bypasses the chelsea defence and maiga misses as he connected with demel's cross .
come on chelsea ... reading away last season keeps coming into my mind .
naa demel now skin out d whole chelsea defence
chelsea 2 west ham 0
dimel just fucked chelsea up centre bak ronaldinho
so shitty chelsea are still winning !
how the hell he miss that goal 
shocking miss maiga . 
64 : demel does brilliantly to escape the attention of two chelsea men and though his centre finds maiga , the west ham no11 stabs just wide .
come on you chelsea #2 -0
come on chelsea we need that fith goal
that dude just mixed chelsea
ahhhh fuck ! chelsea ! wtf kinda defending is that !!!! fuck !!!!
missing this chelsea game cause i have class , steups .
maiga . utterly shite . who the fuck bought him ? jack sullivan ? 
that was a piece of skills from that westham player .
no wonder maiga hasn't scored since last season when they defeated chelsea 3-1
what rubbish defending from chelsea . beats 3 chelsea players and plays a clear pass into the 16 yard . no one to connect .
i love these trending topics right now . :') , gary cahill , hazard , ivanovic , and stamford bridge . yusss .
dodged 3 chelsea men !!!!! great skill by this ivorian !! maiga couldn't finish !
that was westham chance to get back in the game .
terrible defending from chelsea there
in all honesty , drogba made the most of that tackle . using his old chelsea tactics for us . shocking penalty anyway . 
63 ' - west ham united 0-2 chelsea two more goals pliz ....
lol westham smh !!!
at this rate chelsea play makes me want to go out tonight
retweet if you're a chelsea grin fan and follow : 3
torres back from injury soon . great news for chelsea , another 3 goals this season in the bag .
i reckon that guy for west ham who missed that must follow me on here nice one for recognising i need the chelsea win for my bet my lad
and we are 2 up . yezz 
i love that chelsea away jersey
west ham / chelsea
that was soo close for west ham the 3 chelsea players he went pass need to wake up
people stay telling me and chelsea we act alike . we knoooooow , hear it all the time .
westham wan kill chelsea with dribble maiga should have score that
wow . dimel working those chelsea players in the corner . manga should have scored .
imo , i don't think it's ladylike for a girl to support chelsea
chelsea is looking nice
common chelsea ! make me proud ! 
watch out for down fall of chelsea !
loool man just mek not 2 but 3 chelsea players look foolish
how you want to stop if u couldnt score that maigaa !!! 
chelsea will score within 5 minutes .
3 things to tweet about chelsea v west ham 1 why wasn't that a red anyway super frank what a pen 2 oscaaarrrrr 3 ouch mourinho hair 
come on chelsea ! 
thought that was going to b goal from westham 
it is not acceptable to play ' chelsea dagger ' by the fratellis in any bar at any time ever .
comeon chelsea !!!
pls wat did chelsea play somebody !??
quick look on twitter and once again during the chelsea game it’s full of “ fans ” commentating ! just watch the bloody game
i just like chelsea cuz i love fcb you know 🙏💙❤️
demel jheeezeee !! chelsea made him look like a black messi with that run
my bet comes in if chelsea can keep this win till the end 
chelsea need another goal .
come on chelsea ! one more la 
i want more goals guyz .... go chelsea go chelsea goal !!!!! 
cant see chelsea conceding twice tbh but i would love to see it lol
watching west ham v chelsea ? follow the match on twitter hands free !
mikel makes a difference to chelsea .. balances team & let's others play . mom if not for oscar tonight . 
i am chelsea , i am blue . i love you chelsea .
glory glory chelsea 
it makes me happy when fans of other clubs say they'd rather see arsenal win the title than united , chelsea or city . we're liked by many .
chui from chelsea lately is now currently here and actually taking pictures with people but i missed him😭
lovely run by demel . chelsea should keep a clean sheet o . they need it badly
now this game is lacking what the west ham n chelsea has ... goals
goal ! martinez scores , chelsea 2 bayern munich 2 , amazing ! uld be a better read to goons that ( cont ) http : tl , gdn_1rlfjan
willian with his chelsea shirt , pic , twitter , comndtbbaycwor something else , dolores , or something , or spanish jacky ,
 is making my night . atleast some positivity from all the depressing news !
i know i speak with a remarkable amount of bias , but aren't chelsea just so much better with mikel in the side ?
chelsea right back on the attack though as hazard's chipped ball finds eto'o but he is muscled off the ball and jussi collects . 0-2 65m
genuinely sat here playing the made in chelsea iphone game . standard
chelsea need to get another goal . we're in that dodgy , 2-0 ahead period where a hammers goal could change everything .
switched on the rest of chelsea / west ham game . heard niall quinn . switched back off
i didnt expect chelshit to go the westham and get a result
 
" does this mean chelsea are in for a tough time this last 20 minutes "..... no niall . they haven't had a shot on goal the whole game !!! jeez !!!
chelsea get the usual penalty against west ham . lampard puts it away . oscar makes it 2-0 . normal stuff .
i don't know if chelsea are actually this good or if west ham are this bad ?
deffence chelsea !!!
maiga sucks 
attempt chelsea -14 west hamberger united - 6
chelsea defended that goal , too much pressure maiga , you know what they say , if you can't take the heat , stay out of the kitchen !
let get a third chelsea ....
few westham comments so i think ah we're getting gubbed ... it's only 2-0 ?! saw worse
west ham deserved a goal there , guy demel gets past three chelsea players and into the box . used to be in my dream team too ! 
chelsea is winning . thank you . *bows
watching west ham vs chelsea at my nans
oscar in charge west ham vs chelsea
another goal will seal this match , come on chelsea !
67minutes been played still 2-0 to chelsea 
chelsea arsenal battle for tittle
no more chelsea fans on here ?
this game is over . chelsea won .
west ham are losing against chelsea . 
on my birthday it's arsenal chelsea 
nice goal for chelsea ....
can't believe has borrowed bubble jacket ! unacceptable ! 
is flamini gon ' play against chelsea ????
a chelsea and welwyn win would make a decent weekend
chelsea playing amazing atm 
still chelsea 2-0 west ham
westham keep d faith nd press harder
chelsea dominating . 66 minutes gone , 2-0 chelsea .
why does chelsea lie bout she's taking nap she's all over twitter
eto'o is a shadow of his former self , he's been awful at chelsea , not threatening in the slightest
being made to watch the football game and it's actually quite painful to watch because it's basically chelsea playing by themselves
chelsea players wearing the samba boots . mmmmmmhhhhmm ! i like they just match with the gear .
this westham are bullshit
chelsea's sweet sixteen later🎉
currently watching chelsea v west ham and borussia v bayern
etoos best game 4 chelsea
come on chelsea i need this £35
love that song ! we are the famous , the famous chelsea 👏👏👏👏
no doubt in my mind that big sam has picked a team who have already given up . time for a clear out . relegation looms 
 come on chelsea
mikel got chelsea outta dat situation like chill i dey hot .
wish i was in chelsea today 😭
if chelsea throw this lead away and cost me £700 i will not be best pleased !!
funny how chelsea's leading and all these razz mofos ain't making noise
come on chelsea
66 ' west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea
... don't sit back and end up throwing this away chelsea go for a third
cool when's chelsea gonna answer .. never
players like mikel and ramires never get the recognition they deserve . keep chelsea ticking constantly
lets not make it the 2nd half of last season and kill the game with the third goal . comon chelsea
need to keep up the tempo of 1st half come on chelsea 
enjoying milo ice while watching chelsea game 
chelsea are looking very good
come on chelsea !! come on bvb !!
atsu holding a chelsea shirt , pic , twitter , com6glzttbvbvs , but the thing on his bald head wants to arm them ,, 
west ham united vs chelsea 0-2 . 34 ' oscar scores for chelsea ! assist : eden hazard 
we're the chelsea boot-boys , and we're running after you ! chelsea hooligan ! chelsea hooligan !
west ham united vs chelsea 0-1 . 21 ' frank lampard , penalty , chelsea 
41 ' west ham united vs chelsea . modibo maiga in , jack collison out . west ham united 
west ham united vs chelsea 0-2 
p cech has 199 clean sheet for chelsea this one will make it 200
how will your perception empower you today ? mary morrisseyf , chelsea were the better in the second , fair result i'd say ,
these westham players are running around the pitch like headless chickens
 chelsea 2 vs 0 whu
come on chelsea keep the good momentum up ! 
watching west ham v chelsea is so boring compared to what i witnessed today
chelsea is up (:
ughhh bayern dortmund chelsea real madrid pls kill me
when chelsea are winning 2-0 they can hold the lead why can liverpool never hold the lead unless there winning 4-0 ????
someone tell me chelsea score ??
the blues 
come on chelsea ! please get some more goal ! 
chelsea should be 4 or 5 goals up !
as if no one likes chelsea grin ..? :(
jm u av a lot 2 on this chelsea team !
this west ham / chelsea game is about as exciting as watching slugs race 
chelsea please finish this game off
i hate that its come to this but chelsea re shit ... whooooseee withh meeeee
i need to get my life together and make it to a chelsea game next year . blue is the colour , you know .
yep i said ! this chelsea match is paid for . how u miss that ???? 
well done brighton for beating chelsea 3-1 , i wonder how long it will take for them to jell , mata missing maybe ?
fuck off chelsea you chavvy cunts stealing willian off us , pricksnow there is someone who would understand my struggle ,
chelsea dominating
need an improved display against chelsea . let's hope lovren and shaw are playing . clyne did well out of position today .
a beautiful player oscar . few gems chelsea have there in hazard , mata and himself .
chelsea shuu kill dis game off na
nice move by chelsea but rami's shot is blocked .
chelsea needs to sell mata to united
63mins played . chelsea leading with 2goals from lampard and oscar 
chelsea game v west ham . pointless
who score 4 chelsea ?
oscars best game for chelsea ?
selfish from rambo there , two free , come on chelsea finish it off
chelsea are playing so good
chelsea and are trending 
why would you be watching west ham vs chelsea when dortmund vs bayern is on
nice one la chelsea ! that lil baby face boy scores again ! haha
great flicks by the chelsea boys tonight
great call by chelsea on the mixup of the kit today
only just seen the bvb game is on . i've just wasted all this time watching chelsea scum . grr .
we are the famous , the famous chelsea
chelsea still lead 2 - 0
omo chelsea wassup
frank lampard is really starting to look my age :/ ;)
seriously , is maiga a professional footballer , or a chelsea supporting taxi driver having a right giggle . 
call of duty on the projector , chelsea on the tv , because i'm a bigger fan than those morons who go to games , innit 
if ever a team needed a goal and a bit of luck . i'll be surprised if haven't got this in the bag !
truth be told ... watchin chelsea is frustrating and boring af !
but at least chelsea are winning ...
chelsea's ticki tacka football😍
 livescore- 65 ' - west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea [ frank lampard 21 ' pen . oscar 34 ' ]
wonder how the league would look if only goals by strikers counted ? reckon chelsea would be bottom 3 .
' until you've taken my chelsea away , la la la laa la , la la la laa la ...' good voice lads 
i love when chelsea mixes the white shirt with the blue shorts .
carrington under 18's mufc v chelsea qb01vkxtq8
what's the chance of west ham scoring and chelsea winning ? a goal from them would deal my second coupon of the day ...
waiting to work on chelsea's christmas gift . 🎄🎁💑
oscar from chelsea weighs 146 .... what
the commentators are absolutely arse licking chelsea
chelsea thought there was cat poop on her when she woke up but it was just a piece of pizza i chewed up and spit out on her
sob ... having to choose over ... my ego is too strong ! but c'mon blues , my heart's in the game ✊
glad to see that this chelsea game is boring & gets a slot on cbs ... 😒
eto would of prolly been the best front man in the world if he went to chelsea right when barca let him go ..
up blue frank n oscar are de sorcerer 4 chelsea 2 9t dey are up wit a 2 goals lead
yesss chelsea beating westham 👌😁 
chelsea fans how market ?
watching the chelsea game mikel has been surprisingly good ! oscar top drawer as usual !
up chelsea what else do u people want from mou
omg how many times is chelsea going to muck this game up !!
goals since january 2013 : cristiano ronaldo - 66 liverpool - 61 arsenal - 58 man city - 56 chelsea - 54 man united - 54 spurs - 39
if chelsea don't score one more , this has a draw written all over it .
watching the chelsea game . waiting for the madrid game to be on !!
another name for chelsea fans ?
people dont realise how painful it is being a fan
the game is far more open in the last five minutes . crowd behind west ham . corner to them . 2-0 chelsea .
just need chelsea to win for £400 bang #5folds
chelsea's having a good match now , but good night world ;)
i'd rather be weird as fuck than be boring as hell , re , chelsea do choose to sell him , he can end up at any top club ,
come one chelsea . we’re so much better . another goal please .
watching my team stunt on niggas .... 
glad to see that this chelsea game is boring & gets a slot on nbc ... 😒
arsenal fans are glad that their club is liked many . people would rather have them win the league title instead of united , city , chelsea .
chelsea top trending now . hell yeah ! :d
chelsea it is !!
c'mon chelsea think of drink you can do this .. get off ur fat arse now !! 
chelsea will always be first in my life . girlfriends , wives and family will never get as much attention as i give chelsea .
chelsea still dont play exciting football they are just functional they played better under rafa
i'm crying to sleep . chelsea gonna win , dortmund is losing . what a night . hahahahahahhaa . hais .
chelsea in cruise control at upton park , up 2-0 with 20 minutes to go .. 
chelsea free kick
 bpl west ham vs chelsea 
freekick for chelsea
chelsea are balling loool this is so peak 😩
chelsea trending , top pulak tuh . 178.7 was talking about this , wow !
63 mins played . chelsea leading with 2goals from lampard and oscar 
arsenal chelsea evian h-nul r . sociedad real 2buts naples atletico
the divers and cheats of london chelski so called football club are the luckiest team i have ever seen 
chelsea please 1 goal .
has anybody mentioned that chelsea kinda look like france ?
downing with the corner but chelsea clear and break . oscar is charging forward before being brought down by morrison . free kick 0-2 69m
enjoying the chelsea vs west ham united
dk issit because chelsea is playing against a weaker team or because there r more holding mid today that mourinho's passing tactic look btr
westham come on !!
chelsea we are moving .
goetze with a goal for bayern munich against his former and hometown team borussia dortmund , goal reminiscent of ronaldinho v chelsea
if westham had carroll i think it would be different , c'mon u blues
ok bye chelsea pls win this time
anna thought i was watching women's soccer because the team's name is chelsea ..... smh
west ham united vs chelsea
chelsea's got this
chelsea are smooth and classy . such quality
chelsea has got such a good team n a great top top manager , i sometimes wonder how they loose ...
chelsea fans chanting " super frank " 
chelsea is shitting all over west ham
oscar is one of chelsea fc top 5 best player currently
chelsea is too good .
at least coventry won and chelsea are winning .
west ham are poor !! chelsea have strolled this , so far !!
the way game is going on , i don't think gonna score any goal ... so the final score will be same .. 0- 2
just to think if baines leaves everton in january and lukaku goes back to chelsea then everton are quite fucked
it sucks that i can't see the chelsea game because my tv is acting up . 😭
chelsea counter swiftly but oscar is fouled midway inside their half . lampard's free-kick is into the wall . 
chelsea has a way of making players look useless
52 ' chelsea surge forward and get a corner kick for all their troubles .
even when west ham get a move going , the end result is wholly unsatisfactory . chelsea tooooo good for them . 
freekick 2 chelsea
free for chelsea
come on chelsea ! 👌
chelsea is the best team ever !!!!
andy from made in chelsea is sitting 2 rows in front of my brother at the rugby
the referee in the chelsea game is so bias its unbelievable ! gave all the decisions to chelsea ! 
chelsea my nigga
can't wait to see bayern against chelsea 
i like chelsea
during lunch chelsea was like " is it bad i kinda like satsuki and uzu- ?" and lily and i both screamed " no !!!! it's not b ad "
free kick to chelsea after oscar was fouled
this is the weakest chelsea team in a long time shows how bad west ham have become . if they keep playing like this they will need lyeton o
i thought chelsea were actually good but they lick off oscar and get lucky
come on chelsea ..... another goal !
guess four team making it to the top this season n the next champions league » liverpool , man u̶̲̥̅̊ , chelsea , city , arsenal , everton , soton !!
 come on chelsea more more more
saturday night football could almost put you off the sport for life . parry , quinn , redknapp , a largely odious chelsea , a largely awful wham
i rily feel diame needs to leave westham and join a bigger club e.g arsenal
chelsea playing the best football i've seen in time :d
chelsea are so comfortable solid performance , margin should be bigger coyb
west ham r so useless !!! chelsea r doing good ! well down
starters remain the same for the : #14 gabby richmond , #21 nyla rueter , #24 chelsea bowker , #33 emily michael , #42 katie healy
freekick chelsea , against the human wall
penalty for chelsea , please stop the game and send me over there to take it . i'm 100% serious .
chelsea leading ...
chelsea winning !!!
just chelsea to win for an easy £100 🙌
the epitome of 's season : a flash of brilliant skill from demel , throttled by a brutally clumsy maiga ' finish .' 
w . francisco finishes 8th in diving from chelsea .
chelsea want to sign hart ..... hands off ! 
wes ham ! : come on chelsea !
it seems mourinho is having chelsea practice counter attacks . cool tho
fuck sake . i flick over to the chelsea game for a second and then miss götze score . typical .
70 ' west ham 0 - 2 chelsea . 
well done liverpool , arsenal && chelsea ✌
all chelsea fans will make heaven
watching west ham v chelsea ... god i miss cycling ..!
hey chelsea fans ... lukaku scored two goals this morning for everton . seller's remorse ?
whu playing nonsense . is chelsea that hard to beat ?.
less then an hour till doctor who ! still half an hour till end of the chelsea game as well , how am i meant to finish my homework now :/
gotzes goal reminds me of ronaldinhos against chelsea a few years ago
its not a proper chelsea match if lampard doesn't hit the wall even once from a free kick .
ohhhhhh chelsea we love you
my acca is looking good , chelsea win and i'm quids in !
i hope west ham go down . so boring . allardyce , nolan , downing and collins , they need to change and quick ! 
chelsea vs west ham ? aint nobody got bloody time .
alan hansen : " chelsea and west ham are the two most entertaining teams in england at the moment ."
chelsea is looking so good today ! 
chelsea is white and real madrid is blue .
chelsea match is boring !!
chelsea's kits look like poo
chelsea have a freekick near the half way line and shock horror , lampard goes for goal .
so chelsea go win that match !! what a waste of 3 points !! 
west ham playing so defensive considering they're losing , i know chelsea are pressing but put two up top surely .
comedy gold streaming from indignant westham over my shoulder whose response to a jussi jaaskelainen goalkick was a venom-filled " shoot !"
almost died in a fire today with chelsea but we handled it .
open game west ham improved from fast half but chelsea in control
what a night ! now its time for chelsea !
chelsea dont deserve mata
' 69'live ' west ham 0-2 chelsea ; azpilicueta on ground to head off downing's deep cross , corner kick to west ham . well defended , chelsea counter
chelsea players tho ,,, lmaooo
chelsea best win or else i'll be highly unhappy
why do chelsea continue to let lampard take the freekicks ? as much as i like lampard he is the worst free kick taker imaginable 
 is playing so well 2day . plenty of attack and a strong defence , which is what we have lacked in past games " 
less than 20 minutes to go . chelsea still leading 2 - 0 against west ham . can we get another goal ? there's still time for it . :) 
70 ' west ham 0 - 2 chelsea . "
had liverpool , swansea , newcastle , stoke , arsenal and chelsea to win . took liverpool out ... and then put them back in . god dammit ! 
chelsea winning 2-0 away to west ham !!!
one of the most pathetic performances we've had all season . don't care i it's chelsea . this is joke 
gotze scores a brilliant toe poke for bayern . reminds me of ronaldinho against chelsea . quality finish
come on chelsea 1 more goal 
 must play the most boring football in the prem ... 😴😴
we want goal chelsea !!
is it me or have chelsea played a 4-3-3 this game ? we look so much better/organised 
am not saying that i dont like football but this chelsea game is ruining my business news and weather forecast
chelsea seem to win this ....
chelsea counter swiftly but oscar is fouled midway inside their half . lampard's free-kick is into the wall .
made in chelsea , the game ?! reeeeally
azpilecuata , another adhd patient !!! all chelsea players r comedians
 west ham v chelsea
were even putting the ball out for westham and they can't do anything with it ! 
chelsea kick the ball out for west ham and they don't even kick it back 
a big chelsea fan but i must say this westham's ravel of a guy is very impressive . neva gives it a rest .
i better go watch a movie .... this chelsea game though
 
chelsea should try and beat liverpool with more goals and take second spot .
the chelsea jerseys are horrendous
i have the shirt of this chelsea away kit it's so nice 💙
how the f is jon obi mikel a chelsea player ! 
oscar is chelsea's best player this season by far
" chelsea counter swiftly but oscar is fouled midway inside their half . lampard's free-kick is into the wall . "
mom says chelsea players look ' smaller ' compared to a few years back
i love that cahill . thats how chelsea plays .
come on chelsea lets hold this ! we need three points here
watchin chelsea's match while eating maggi hmmmm not good not good
westham is pushing real hard
 all chelsea can do is kick the ball up the field 
finally premier league is back .... come on chelsea 2nd place is ours !!! @#
you decide if you wanna survive in this world of predators , ears : man utd : 17 trophies , chelsea : 13 trophies , sorry jose ,
nialls a brave man telling me to get off the internet just so he can watch the chelsea match ! am hello spend time with me dick 😤
my brother won't let me watch the chelsea game !! 😡😡
if chelsea weren't in the champions league and spurs were , willmake tweetlist perfect and jump on our beta test team ? )
fully can't stand chelsea fans !
come on chelsea , never thought i would say that but over 400 quid at stake here 
watching chelsea play on nbc with these boring ass english commentators makes me feel like i'm watching golf ... get excited jheeze 
watching ? naaaa is playing out there !! ♥
2 nil is not safe chelsea
 all the way
minus 1 chelsea looking good
chelsea and bayern munich are leading 2-0 in their respective matches . 
if there was any indication of foy's feelings towards chelsea and lack of any refereeing abilities - it was that .
gary cahill is back up .... chelsea's terminator !
chelsea player kicked a ball outta bounds and claimed the ball was deflated . ref said no ... lol
chelsea getting away with absolute murder
west are so bad and chelsea are so boring , crap game .
watching english premiere league .... chelsea vs west ham united
chelsea will win the league . get on now
look at the confusion on maiga's face there when he got the ball but didn't fall over or pass to chelsea . bless 
completely forgot about the game ! started watching 55mins in and 2-0 to the chelsea ! come on boys ! 
we can't just run away from who we are , â€ “ brave trophies , to do that you have to beat the likes of chelsea ,"
the fulham and crystal palace matches are must wins and should be wins 
chelsea winning xp
if juan mata could just find more playing time and get into form , chelsea would be so much better
need another goal in the chelsea game to roll on to 2moro & just made a daft bet r madrid o 3.5 , a madrid o 2.5 😁
watching chelsea play on tv . what has my life become seriously .
yer cassoulet it is but not til 2m . think it's a bachelor supper of sandwiches and beer whilst listening to the chelsea match ...
come on chelsea ....
traitors are usually good . lolz . with an exception of torres . hasn't still scored for chelsea against liverpool
 why does chelsea dress her baby up for thanksgiving ? has she mistake the holiday for halloween ?...
we could be here till midnight , ain't scoring .
come on chelsea !!!
they didn't wait for me , but scores his 206th chelsea goal💙💙💙💙💙
 paid around 15million for andy carroll who already had injury problems . liverpool done ok in that deal ... 
if chelsea don't go somewhere with this dry ass cough😒
turned on the westham chelsea game and heard two chants .. ' john terry you're a cunt ' and ' frankie lampard he left cause you're shit'how nice
chelsea grin deserve loads more attention than they get though ..
chelsea counter swiftly but oscar is fouled midway inside their half . lampard's free-kick is into the wall .
hate chelsea so fucking much 
standard chelsea 
first chelsea game i've been able to watch in forever👏👏 
chelsea have spent the majority of their game on the floor 
the best buy of the last 5 years for me was cahill to chelsea for 6 million or how ever much lol bargain bucket
are people dressing up for chelsea dinner orrrrrr ?
why wont these chelsea players stay down man ! i know i would if eva comes on the pitch !! :') ooofftttt
chelsea game night ;)
2 more goals is all we need !! come on blues !! 
one person on my tl is tweeting about the chelsea game , lol . are there any real fans ?
waiting on chelsea for £100 :)
come on chelsea fuck sake
chelsea playing well tonight 👏
west ham don't even deserve to be on the same pitch as chelsea
wtf is chelsea doing
turned on nbc to watch some good english football . unfortunately chelsea is playing so there isn't any on right now .
made in chelsea ! i love it ! :)
maiga's the only threat to chelsea today .
the old flat ball trick works in the sunday league 
i really fucking hate chelsea .
west ham are awful . chelsea can barely even be bothered to beat them . why an earth did i think they'd score ? 
im watching chelsea instead of that game
great performance today from chelsea , good to see us back to confident ways
no substitute for chelsea ...... organised team
mikel is such an underrated player . by chelsea fans .
come on westham atleast get a goal
chelsea are getting the job done 
amazing how many times have gotten away with fouling .
it's safe to say westham have no strikers . playing a 4-6-0 fucking hell . 
lampard has had a solid game , but chelsea need change now- the pace of schuller or the wizardry of willian to kill this off 
i kinda love chelsea lately .
 why does chelsea dress her baby up for thanksgiving ? has she mistaken the holiday for halloween ?...
chelsea are playing amazing and this is the best game we have played so far 
one more goal chelsea pleaseeee
who's that chelsea knob moaning about a flat ball ? he shouldn't have a care in the world with his wallet ...
chelsea just whitewash them
chelsea playing solid , oscar is class .
game has slowed down again , west ham putting a bit of pressure on and chelsea dangerous on counters . 2-0 chelsea .
chelsea away jersey !!! such beauty !
i have always been a fan of mark noble though , he's just above average but shows great passion week in , week out 
guyz chelsea here stop talking about madrid and gotze
chelsea's jerseys look pretty tight
why do so many united fans care what chelsea are doing ? united are only team i care about ..
madrid .... dortmund .... chelsea
natalie gumede is so unlikeable she should play for chelsea
funny how bfs took off the two chelsea fans after chelsea had scored twice ! 
heard we gave away 3,000 tickets to kids . if most of them kids grow up fans & not chelsea/scum/city fans then its a worthy investment .
come on chelsea . keep the pace !
come on chelsea
what's the chelsea - west ham score
chelsea is performing brilliantly now
 princess chelsea - the cigarette duet
i just hope torres , mata and luiz come to first team .... chelsea looks incomplete without them !!!!!
ball possesion : west ham 27% - 73% chelsea .. 
74 ' still 2-0 chelsea ! 3 points in the basket ?
so we beat chelsea 6-1💃⚽️ .
no way , mario gotze scores to give bayern munich the lead against borussia dortmund in other news chelsea are 2-0 up at west ham
luving chelsea 2nite
chelsea chelsea !! .. haters gonna hate
meanwhile west ham chelsea update , west ham are a load of shite
rumour has it pedro's switched over from chelsea game+is making rocket+plane noises in an orange jacket whilst watching star wars on itv+1
chelsea meets insta .. finally
chelsea scum
just to put pressure on chelsea .
chelsea are winning it
maiga takes a dive on the edge of the chelsea penalty area . ref having none of it . quite right . 0-2 73m
time for a chelsea sub . all gone a bit flat here
sturridge left chelsea to liverpool to become one of epl's highest goal scorers . what happened when torres left liverpool to chelsea ?
the pub is full of rowdy chelsea fans , nobody needs that in their life
am very sure that chelsea match is boring😆
' 72'live ' west ham 0-2 chelsea ; cahill lifts highest to head off maiga's dangerous cross in the box , corner kick to west ham
fuckin chelsea play it long more we do !
everything about chelsea reminds me of you and i miss you so it's shit
gotze scored , who gives a shit . more importantly , lampard scored ! come on chelsea ! 
ok ok i was just kidding boys ! don't relax yet we need 3-0 ! 
 : arsenal 2 southampton 0 , west ham 0 chelsea 2 , stoke city 2 sunderland 0 , newcastle 2 norwich 1 , hull 0 crystal palace 1 .
lool westham are playing out of sense
proxima jornada de v 
so the neelsie decides that instead of showing the chelsea game , they'd rather show sa v scotland highlights . poor taste .
chelsea another goal would be nice right about now ....
can we love on my bartender for a min ? i got 5 makers mark and cokes for $ 10.50 😂😂 he thought i was chelsea the whole night and charged her .
75 : hammers have enjoyed more of the ball this half , but they don't look like troubling chelsea at all today . very one-sided . 0-2
a girl that can keep me away from a chelsea match >>>
matt jarvis about to come on for west ham . much better second half from the hammers but chelsea did all the damage early on . 
come on chelsea goals goals goals , i want to see those caravan dwelling mug vacate those seat like sour looser
west ham just need a goal to get back in this , chelsea need a goal to kill this game n leapfrog liverpool maybe .
supporting froch this evening . the fact that groves is a chelsea fan might have something to do with my decision
this is just a waste if chelsea's time might as well have not had a defence .
what an irony , when i herd chelsea forfeited the chase 4 moura by signing oscar last season i almost cried . here i am now scrmn 
20 minutes left . lots of time yet for chelsea to dive for a 3rd goal . then back to the team bus for bingo & a cup of horlicks in their onesies
with chelsea & arsenal winning tomorrow is even more of a must win . move up into 4th & hopefully kick on .
just noticed its 2-0 to chelsea , as long as that doesn't go past 4 i'm fine with that .
mikels chelsea's best holding mid ? i dont think hes lost the ball all game ?
chelsea a get complacent
scotch + pepperoni + chelsea's match + french fries ... heaven is that you ??
hope its 2-1 chelsea ill win dolla👌
dads winning £160 if chelsea win👌
cant watch todays game coz of work . good thing they are winning . 
watched 2 mins of westham v chelsea , turned over to watch dortmund v bayern . love watching dortmund .
this bayern game >>>>> that chelsea game - . -
everytime i come on twitter i look at chelsea pic wit her gorgeous ass 😘😘😘😘😘😘
seems like chelsea fans are tweeting more about gotze and dortmund ! propper fans ... no idiots
yea chelsea sorry imma run it to you in a few
reading updates for chelsea's match . i want to watch football so badly .
i want chelsea to score two more goals *
 are owning this game
chelsea's defense is too nice
class save by neuer , back to chelsea
chelsea cannot loose
chelsea mene 2-0 tranquillou
my saturday so far : bacrelona vs granada , chelsea vs . west ham and real madrid vs . almeria
chelsea match dey bore like adult education in ga
this chelsea's match is the drabbest .
west ham retaining possession around 25 yards from the chelsea goal and win a free kick . 0-2 75m
having to settle for chelsea west ham fucking brutal
come on chelsea
chelsea need a sub in the midfield ! getting a bit leggy in there
chelsea had been anything but spectacular . just an average game where we're winning only because west ham sucks 
scores chelsea vs west ham
sub west ham make their final change as matt jarvis comes on for kevin nolan . west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 76 mins ) 
chelsea are playing so well today ... over 70% possession in this second halff
hoping that chelsea will score more goals hehe but winning 2-0 is enough tho
come on chelsea !!!!! cfc !!
sorry about the swearing ! song from westham fans to fat sam " is nolan fucking you "
heads up hammers ! long way to go yet ! playing against a very strong chelsea side ! 
i still haven't figured out wat raven chelsea and eddie won from that soda can contest 
starting to get sloppy , come on chelsea up this now 
i don't trust ...... expected to take care of the business at .
if wilshere joined say chelsea and scored against us , i don't know how i'd react
why is jarvis coming on . surely we need to give cole some game time if he's our only other striker maiga is terrible 
chelsea can give away two goals here . it's not beyond them
chelsea diane is in the howwwwwsssse
chelsea is putting to west ham !!!
oscar is tireless mehn ... infact all the chelsea players are working r hard in defence . defending as a team
just got back from church and i still get to see 15 mins of chelsea 
they're not doing much bubble blowing tonight . 
come on chelsea .. make it 3 nil .
tell ya what .. westham look real relegation material . how did this lot win 3.0 away to tottenham ?? a real halleys comet result .
take mikel out my fantasy football because everyone laughed now hes one of chelsea best players - . -
we just need city and chelsea to drop as many points as possible till december ... it'll be too hard to win those consecutive games
omg someone i know got sent a letter from chelsea that they want to watch him play ! sickkk
come on chelsea
get another please chelsea
can chelsea score pl0x
can i hear some " amen " pls 
chilled with my uncle watching the chelsea game ...
can someone please explain why kevin nolan just got booed ?? 
chelsea are getting lazy
so , real madrid is blue and chelsea is white .. hahaha lol
cmo'n blues ... we want one more 
missed most of west ham-chelsea and bvb-bayern . but it was fucking worth it .
plz wats chelsea playin now
substitution alerts to west ham united !! nolan off - jarvis coming on , now . west ham 0-2 chelsea , still the story .
come on chelsea u cn do this 2more goals to win
two fucking retarded team , playing westham & dortmund ...
1 more goal from chelsea & the game is over . 1 goal from westham & the game will be back on .
chelsea needs to score 1 more goal to go above liverpool . as it stands we are behind them on gd
chelsea gonna lose today . 
wanna know what chelsea's playing ?
last 15 mins west ham v chelsea . who's your ?
chelsea at the top
chelsea no hace cambios ? 
hard to think of an appropriate chelsea sub . schurrle for hazard/ ba for eto maybe .
i'm glad i've switched over to the dortmund vs bayern game . its hotting up ! much better then the west ham vs chelsea game imo .
chelsea need to keep this clean sheet and hazard needs to buss net
sub west ham make their final change as matt jarvis comes on for kevin nolan . west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 76 mins ) 
missed the chelsea game but see we're winning 2-0 ! get in
why chelsea ever sold sturridge and loaned out lukaku will never make sense to me .
so u telling kuti westham has made 3 subs and chelsea hasn't
chelsea vs . west ham and the european rally championship 
good play from oscar 
chelsea !! which kin life .. can't we win without fans having bp ?
guise q877 is playing chelsea dagger your welcome
the chelsea game or the real madrid game ? bit of a no brainer !
chelsea players like to spend time on the floor
shameful time wasting here by chelsea .
anyways back to chelsea
good assist isco cutie pie ! these chelsea kits must be lucky ! hala madrid ! clang ! clang ! clang ! clang !
get home from work , pop the chelsea game on : boring . switch to the madrid game , 3 minutes in and ronaldo scores . that man doesn't stop
why must chelsea always win
chelsea like dat . dec . 4th & dec . 23 >>>>>>>
i don't care about gotze and i certainly don't care about wanky german football ! chelsea on !!
if ross barkley joined man u or chelsea , i'd shed more tears than i did when arteta left me
mourinho has made chelsea kings of the counter attack now
come on chelsea !!
wow chelsea might actually win this game
the minor heart attack i just got while flipping through the tv channels is unreal .... chelsea game is on baby
most of possession is from the saving 😂
oscar and terry down for chelsea ..
still pouring the smartmouth beer chelsea tastes sour on cask tonight if you're curious .... it's tasty ! :)
jarvis in for westham
going to chelsea piers tonight 😁 
sub west ham make their final change as matt jarvis comes on for kevin nolan . west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 76 mins ) 
sub west ham make their final change as matt jarvis comes on for kevin nolan . west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 76 mins ) 
chelsea are on a win ! yeah , we used to this life unlike our arsenal lads . ;)
eva is on the pitch for chelsea
 fans don't help themselves of they ?
if chelsea don't make it 3/4 in the next few minute . i'd say dis match was won merely on luck
sub west ham make their final change as matt jarvis comes on for kevin nolan . west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 76 mins) . 
" tottenham’s always running , arsenal’s running too , we're the chelsea boys in blue , & we're running after you " chelsea chelsea chelsea 
please stay 2-0 chelsea
really want to purchase a pair of heeled chelsea boots but they'd make my legs look weird , sigh
come on chelsea , score some goal , make the game more interesting please
this chiefs v p . stars is actually boring , that is why i'm watching my beloved team chelsea
chelsea hot female physio klaxon
chelsea finest time ?
chelsea players 😩😍😍⚽️❤️👏👏
nice to see the chelsea players having a little rest .. 
paint drying is more entertaining than west ham chelsea zzzzzzzzzzz
chelsea plays dirty !
chelsea chilling my chest
with the everton v liverpool and chelsea v west ham games . wonder how many grown men got up excited to meet with their firm at the game ?
every time chelsea plays , real madrid plays .
so far not bad 2-0 
 chelsea vs west ham
sat downstairs in the kitchen scrolling through my phone whilst chelsea is upstairs beyond bored , i'm bad company
westham mounting weak preasure on chelsea
a very worrying sight for us chelsea fans . the outstanding oscar writhing on the floor , clutching his ankle . terry getting attention too .
chelsea still leading 2-0 . lps halftime takda score pun lulz
if i was a chelsea player i would get injured all the time ...
the good ol fashioned chelsea hit-the-floor tactic 
chelsea's physio is so so fit
neither david luiz nor kevin de bruyne make it to the chelsea match day squads . 
i'd love to get injured if i played for chelsea😍
chelsea's physio is out .
last subs for west ham !!! they gonna die !!! eat them chelsea !!! aummm !!! 
if i played for chelsea i would pretend i was constantly injured and need help from the physio !
chelsea players only go down to get the physio on .
chelsea winning i'm good 😁
this chelsea medic \o/ she pretty
oscars down injured this is our chance ! they have no options on the bench lets go westham ! yessss !
plz chelsea score another i says 2-0 and lampard ( tweeted at 1-36 pm today ) and i didn't bother to put it on 
i see chelsea has finished with west ham , let watch the germany big guns
oscar is injured he is the biggest faker 
if i played for chelsea i'd go down all the time just so i could have that physio
all this tv and we have west ham vs chelsea on 
chelsea's wilh francisco finishes 8th in division 3 diving finals
the chelsea physio 
i love chelsea football club more than anything .
cant believe chelsea didnt score more goals in the second half .. our workrates are shit this season and we need to sort this
oh eva ! ♥ 
i need them black chelsea boots from topshop
west ham v chelsea dbl seems doomed as no cards were picked ! chelsea killed it too early
if i was a bloke&played for chelsea , i'd be faking injury all the time
ollie would like to become a television presenter after made in chelsea ! 
you can never trust that any chelsea player is actually injured when they go down ! clearly just want to be massages by their worldy physio ..
chelsea's physio gets me everytime
la medecin de chelsea >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
i just hate everything about chelsea
hacked by the bae , even though we might have our ups and downs your the best guy i ever dated ... love , chelsea : * <3
chelsea are still playing ?
i do love the chelsea away shirt
chelsea sub : eto'o off ba on 
chelsea fc has the cutest team doctor lady .
chelsea physio is the highlight of this match for me !!
need another chelsea goal cumon for fuck sake !
i love it when a chelsea player gets injured 
oscar just wants the chelsea physio to give him a touch up 
i like it when chelsea players get injured . they've got a good doctor
chelsea give west ham a free kick
chelsea's bench isn't half bad
i like it when chelsea players get injured .
demba ba still plays for chelsea ?
2 new legs for chelsea
lol ! real madrid playing with -the away- blue kit and chelsea with -the away- white kit :p
get up oscar , you soft prick , and take your gloves with you . 
chelsea injuries😍😍😍 if you feels me
anyway , really good play by chelsea . off from tv and now back to study ... i want one more goal to be scored though . 
so jelly of the chelsea physio i need her job
substitution for chelsea eto'o off ba on 
i absolutely hate chelsea but i do like that shirt ... 
demba ba being a chelsea player still baffles me . 
a chelsea move through the centre . eto'o finds lampard but the shot doesn't have the power to test the keeper . "
i'm leaving to go to chelsea's house and my mom told me to wear my snowpants ...
westham are playing shit fs
but there has to be a chelsea player chopping this physio
im watching the chelsea game . she jus goes " is this what you have been to see today ?" fucking hell 😡😡😡 
chelsea's physio is so fit man !
bet the chelsea players love it when they go down injured knowing that sort of a physio is gonna come running on
had a feeling that last minute decision to not do a munich chelsea double would come back to haunt me :(
78 ' first subs for chelsea demba ba on eto'o off
ba on for eto'o . 
the chelsea players are the biggest bunch of actors simple tackles made to look major
hope groves knocks fuck out of froch , groves is a * chelsea fan .....
need a chelsea goal for 140
get in chelsea !! fuck you west ham
i'm surprised chelsea don't have more groin injuries .
schurrle dan ba .. come on chelsea !!
it must suck to play for chelsea . 
chelsea substitute oscar off demba ba on
chelsea to offer either hazard or mata for shinji kagawa . what won't these people write ?
west ham playing rubbish ! chelsea have got this game in the bag
former west ham man demba ba coming on for chelsea for eto'o . schurrle on for oscar . what a bench ! 2-0 chelsea 24
tell you what , if that chelsea physio was my physio , i would be pulling thigh muscles every day .
david luiz defiantly needs to leave chelsea i don't even see him on the bench .
sub chelsea make a change now as samuel eto'o comes off to be replaced by demba ba . west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 79 mins ) 
chelsea female team doctor ... i get amazed every time 
seriously mata get out of chelsea . wasting your career sitting on the bench because of that nobhead
chelsea up 2-0 makes my day so far .
hate chelsea , but don't mind there kits today &blue
and if watching the biter ones chelsea isn't bad enough , have to put up with niall quinn's inane drivel school of punditry !! zzzzzz
juan mata yet again on the bench for chelsea he really should join in january
chelsea sub on 78 mins - ba on for eto'o . 
i wonder what the budget is when the people off made in chelsea do secret santa lol
chelsea baffle me , players like william and mata sat on the bench all game . what is the point
chelsea's physio she's hot ! 
chelsea don see otuu dey beat
chelsea subs : eto'o out - demba ba in 
why do strikers struggle in chelsea
wah brand of football is chelsea playing ????
the noises chelsea makes are hilarious 😂
blue is the colour , football is the game ... chelsea chelsea !
it's still so weird that eto'o plays for chelsea 
it is so nice 2 see a full back in a chelsea shirt who can put a decent ball in , gives us another dimension 2 our game . " cfcfamily 
blues looking for revenge against basle : chelsea will on tuesday bid to exact revenge on basle and confirm their place in the champio ...
love it when chelsea players get injured , their physio is lush .
77′ john terry is down , receiving treatment , for chelsea .
dafuq ! my work ruined my saturday ! i've missed every game except the last few minutes of this chelsea game .
switching from chelsea's game to madrid .
demba ba on for chelsea , gonna be a threat i reckon
chelsea makes our first change demba ba on ~ samuel eto'o off
chelsea's long , fast passing in the final 3rd is exceptional . really stretching & hurting spammers . andre take note . please .
eto was a great singing for chelsea , i wonder what is weekly wage is ?
78'min chelsea leading 2-0 against west ham united in the london derby 4life
off for dinner now c'mon chelsea lets make sure we get these three points 
ba on - eto'o off for chelsea
chelsea have now gone offsides
chelsea subtitution | eto'o out demba ba in . oscar out schurrle in 
come on chelsea more goals
highlight of this westham game is the hotdog ! 
i'd be rolling round on the floor all the time if i played for chelsea . eva carneiro take a bow . 
" i promise on my honour to be faithful and loyal to chelsea my motherland ; yea though i sit on the bench all the time i will not fear "
chelsea phys has unbelievable tekkers 😍👌
kennot go . tido dulu chelsea baby . 😘
eto'o has had a good game , looked sharp and deserved a goal 
damba ba goes to chelsea and gets the last 10 mins
i love chelsea
mata keeping chelsea bench warm . athletico should come in for him . he deserves to play . jose is a clown . eto'o instead of lukaku ?! wtf
chelsea trending in india ! ! go chelsea
ooooops , schurrle not on yet , still getting a few words of wisdom from jose . still 2-0 chelsea .
come on chelsea ♡
chelsea leading .
chelsea's away kit 😍😅😋😋
chelsea sub on 78 mins - ba on for eto'o . 
andre coming on . :) if chelsea isn't going to get another goal this half , at least we're getting andre .
10 more minutes , 1 more goal please chelsea ! 
3 pts ., clean sheet , & lady physio sighting . hattrick in the making ?
chelsea chelsea i believe fuck the canucks up tonight
" samuel eto " drawing the pension and playing for chelsea 
stunning to see how whu fans are trying to get big sam sacked now they're losing to chelsea , he's always been a idiot anyways
i want a long sleeve chelsea jersey 😕
seems my teams made the most of the international break . first pirates , now chelsea giving a solid performance . yessah
hello , hello we are the chelsea boys ,
chelsea needs to finish up the game because i want to watch real madrid's now ❤️⚽️ 
who scored for chelsea ?
once isn't enough , mata over any chelsea midfielder
if this continues , mata might leave chelsea in january
chelsea brings out and more booing at park as prays for the game to be over .
chelsea are actually
1dday manchester or chelsea
chelsea sub on 78 mins - ba on for eto'o . 
west ham 0-2 chelsea . life's good .
come on chelsea ! give it a 3-0 !
75 ' west ham 0-2 chelsea
i do not approve of chelsea's kit
chelsea behave o
chelsea subs : eto'o out - demba ba in
this chelsea/real double is on 😀
best thing about watching chelsea games .... the physio 
good treble up today arsenal , leeds and dundee united . paid over 6-1 . little nibble on chelsea at 4-6 as well .
top 5 premier league recent form : 1 . united : wdwww 2 . arsenal : wwwlw * 3 . chelsea : wwwld 4 . newcastle : dlwww * 5 . city : wwlwl
westham losing 2-0 to chelsea ...
could sure go for a goal ....
good defense there for chelsea .
i wish tottenham could have a player like mata , he's wasted at chelsea , another player mourinho is ruining .
steady chelsea steady ..
chelsea begayer pas zaaab
looks like chelsea 2 west ham 0 my mum is very pissed off .........
2 late goals let's go westham just for the crack like
80 minutes been played still 2-0 to chelsea 10 minutes left to played plus added time
1 goal saf westham no go get
go !
79 minutes gone at upton park , west ham 0-2 chelsea . 
can they switch to la liga already i don't want to watch boring chelsea match la
a chelsea win , doctor who tonight followed by match of the day ! a good chilled saturday night it looks to be
with bayern and chelsea winning now it means that gillingham not beating oldham earlier has cost me £1800 . suited .
nice day at the bookies backed fat frank first goal and chelsea qpr and arsenal to win
chelsea is being so shady right now😩
come on chelsea ! 
chelsea defense damn strong . come on blues 10 more minutes left .
chelsea sub on 78 mins - ba on for eto'o . 
~ a mistake is just another way of doing things , ~said he's leaving chelsea ? were they wrong ? yes they fucking were ,
chelsea got this ..... just relax
come on chelsea not now kill this game off
i need to invest in chelsea's away kit 
looks like chelsea going 2nd
common chelsea !!!!
ivanovic saved chelsea
its steward downing versus chelsea
chelsea's d is way too on point
nice save 
ivanovic just took the bread out of that westham's player !
chelsea arent great to watch , but top class efficiency .
bets looking good 
chelsea digging deep to preserve this clean sheet . great defending by ivanovic to clear an inviting cross away | 80 ' 0-2 
watching chelsea and west ham in the bluu , and someone i know walks by and says , " of course you ." yes , of course me . now move . i can't see .
oscar is down with a slight knock but he's ok ! back in the field of play . 79 ' westham 0:2 oscar & lamps . 
expect atleast 6 minutes stoppage time added at the end of game .. for all the injury and time wasting . 
and chelsea wining 2-0
 eto'o out for ba still west 0-2 80 min gone
whisky-coke devant chelsea
come on chelsea
double subtitution for chelsea : eto'o and oscar off , demba ba and schurrle on . 
chelsea's defends are superb today .
chelsea's defend so good !
10 minutes left and the score remains 2-0 to the away side chelsea .
i'm not too fussed about getting dicked by chelsea but it concerns me that allardyce seems to have no idea what his best line up is anymore .
demba ba is annoyed at being subbed on , he was quite content playing candy crush in his warm jacket 
ba , i advice you to hmmm ugh how do i say this ... leave chelsea 😝
so chelsea is getting 3 points tonight
this is absolute torture 
all these chelsea cunts sitting in there armchair texting and tweeting me , might just turn my blower off ! 
cmon demba ba ! lets make it 3-0 
liverpool v everton seems to have been the derby of the day .. chelsea's is rather one sided .
 who watched the chelsea flower shkathquenatics :) pic , twitter , comlvwcfpxg
the only good thing about a chelsea player going down is that you get to see the physio come on the pitch !
chelsea carry on ..
watching west ham vs chelsea . and ohyeah , i got my new iphone on wednesday and i havent even taken it out of the box yet . haha .
west ham have got no chance . cant get through this chelsea defence
oscar off schurrle in eto off demba ba in 80 mints west ham 0-2 chelsea 'z
come on chelsea !! 
watching chelsea and west ham , tired of watching college football
samar2 terdengar fans chelsea ngechants " flying high up in the sky , we'll keep the blue flag flying high .. 
west ham vs chelsea , in 81th min . score 0-2
wow chelsea fans have taken a qpr song lol doesn't make since tho coz west london is ours !!!!!
i hate how much i love the chelsea away shirt , and how much i want one .
a chelsea win , doctor who tonight followed by match of the day ! a good chilled saturday night it looks to be 50th
big sam has fucked up on his team selections today 
into the final 10 minutes here at boleyn ground !! chelsea are in total control . west ham 0-2 chelsea , now .
me and chelsea would wait like 27 minutes for cupcakes to bake not realizing the oven was turned off ...
come on chelsea get another goal ! 
goooooaaaallll ! west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampaaaaaaaard !
come on chelsea . dont give away any silly goals
seeing that " ronaldo , 3 '" pop up on screen whilst watching the chelsea game ... priceless .
west ham united 0-2 chelsea
lampard ! chelsea 3-0 westham
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . 
3-0 chelsea !! lampard !!
goal : frank lampard seals the victory for chelsea with a second against his old club . 
goaaal by chelsea !
lampard 3-0 chelsea .
goalll !!! chelsea !!
3-0 for chelsea amazing finish
lampard !!!!! 3-0 chelsea !!!
game over ! 3-0 chelsea lampard !
what is ' i am a chelsea fans .' ?
lampard again !!! west ham 0 - 3 chelsea 
sub chelsea make a change now as samuel eto'o comes off to be replaced by demba ba . west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 79 mins) . 
lamparddddddddd <3 love this guy ! 3-0 chelsea ! <3
super frank !!! 3-0 chelsea
game , set and match for chelsea !
goal chelsea
pls stop scoring chelsea . thanks .
super frank again ! solid win for chelsea .
eto'o has had a good game , looked sharp and deserved a goal 
goal chelsea ! 0-3 and cruising now
that's two for super frank ! 3-0 !
got chelsea all confused😏
40 quid richer thank you chelsea ❤️💶💶💶
3-0 chelsea . fat boy gets his second
lampard ! 207 goals ! 3-0 for chelsea ! 
west ham 0-3 chelsea class from lampard
typical lampard goal !!!!!!!!!! 3-0 chelsea :)
strikers not scoring , defenders not defending . relegation may seem on the card for west ham !!! 
frank lampard legend !!! west ham 0-3 chelsea - lampard 81 min lovely go for another frank !!
or chelsea ....
lampard !! 
lampard ! 3 - 0 to chelsea ! :)
lampard all time greatest chelsea player
3 for chelsea
lampard with a brace now . 2-0 chelsea .
goal !! lampard !! chelsea !!
lampard get's a 2nd for the day west ham 0 - 3 chelsea 
the blues are on fire ... 
yessss ! chelsea 3-0 west ham ! lampard again !
goal ! west ham 0-3 chelsea ! lampard !!!
lampard make it 0- 3 chelsea 81 '
lampard !!!!!!!!! 3-0 chelsea
let's fucking go chelsea !!
boourns 
lampard adds another for chelsea at upton park ! 3-0
get in 3-0 chelsea frank lampard
game , set and match .. great play chelsea !
lampard ! 207 goals ! 3-0 for chelsea
fat lamps again for chelsea
frank lampard ! 3-0 chelsea
lampard makes it 3-0 to chelsea !!!
lampard 2 gol 3-1 for chelsea
lampard !!!! 3-0 chelsea and the over cashes $$$
all the best chelsea . nitee (':
lampard ! 3-0 chelsea
 goal 3-0
wow third goal for chelsea
goal ! frankie lampard gets his second and chelsea's 3rd . game over . 3-0 .
lampard scores again . 3-0 chelsea .
i hate chelsea
chelsea 
lampard ! his second of the night ! 3-0 chelsea !
too bad chelsea never calls me back
oooooppsssss make that chelsea 3 west ham 0 ....... :p
love lampard scoring against westham !
what a performance from chelsea .
lampard right place right time 3-0 chelsea
lamparrrrrd goal !! 0-3 chelsea
3+ goals for chelsea . told you .
goooolll !!!! 82 ' lampard . . west ham 0-3 chelsea 
chelsea goal - lamps !
west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard double . another sweeeeet strike from uncle frank . legend
lampard's second goal ! stupid chelsea fans saying he shouldn't have started
west ham 0 . chelsea
goal ! second goal for lampard ! west ham 0-3 chelsea !
207 3-0 chelsea !
super frank lampard gooooooal !!! 3-0 chelsea !!!!!
gol del chelsea , frank lampard .
oh lampard !! west ham 0 - 3 chelsea
3-0 chelsea !, frank lampard strike . 24 
frank lampard finishes it off . west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard , we love you .
81 ' goooollll lampard ! doblete de frankie . west ham 0-3 chelsea
lampard again ! 0-3 for chelsea now !
' chelsea is my team '
lampard with his 2nd !!!!! 3-0 chelsea !!!!
lampard brace . great strike . game . chelsea 3 west ham 0 .
goaaaaal lampard , shit ? noooooo love you lampsy !! chelsea !
lampard !!!!! white wash ! chelsea
one more please chelsea . 
lampard gets his second , great goal 
2o de lampard . . west ham 0 chelsea 3
cmon chelsea 
chelsea 3 : 0 west ham
chelsea has done it trust 
lampard scores again ! 3 - 0 for chelsea .
goal . lampard !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 0 - 3 for chelsea .
 : sub west ham make their final change as matt jarvis comes on for kevin nolan . west ham 0-2 chelsea ( 76 mins )
lampard brace , chelsea 3 - 0 whu
chelsea broke the ustream
gol del chelsea ! lampard 81 '
yaaaaaaaaaa !!!!! that's my boy frankie 
goool 
chelsea house next weekend 😁
chelsea have been fckin amazing
chelsea go buy match eh
lampard second goaaal today . chelsea 3-0 west ham 
lampard again !!! 0-3 for chelsea
lampard !!! 3 chelsea
chelsea scores 3rd
lampard's still got it , coolly finished 
super frank with his second !!! 3-0 chelsea !!! 
gooaaalll lampard !! :d 3-0 for chelsea
goal chelsea ! 83 ' lampard , west ham united - chelsea fc 0-3 
this is why chelsea always find it difficult to win , they score mistakenly then they sit back and swallow up the pressure
was there any need to kiss the chelsea badge you fat judas cunt
lampard !! 3-0 chelsea
chelsea is so solid at the back ohhhh lamps scores again
chelsea's got this😎
lampard for chelsea .. seals it
goal west ham united 0-3 * chelsea lampard ( 82 ' ) 
oh , chelsea 3-0
goooaaaaalllll ! lampard scores and kisses the badge ! 3-0 to chelsea -asa
super frank !!!! 3-0 chelsea
goool lampard ;d 
yey get in second goal for frank lampard 3-0 to chelsea 
west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard x2 , oscar ) 
super frank lampard 3-0 for chelsea
lampard makes it two for chelsea ..
3-0 to chelsea . that should be the 11/2 treble landing unless a miracle happens . 
game , set , match ! lampard makes it 3-0 chelsea !
yay chelsea winnin
gollll lampard spectaculer :d , 0-3 chelsea .......
lampard !!! his second of the game !!! west ham 0-3 chelsea 
chelsea putting a beating on west ham
goal lampard min . 81 . west ham 0-3 chelsea .
frank lampard again ! west ham 0 chelsea 3
double for lampard ! 3-0 chelsea !! 
second goal by lampard ... super finish ... what a strike .. 3-0 to chelsea 
yeah fuck off chelsea
all chelsea have got this game is luck tbh
ye chelsea thank you :d
chelsea can fuck off now i'm not watching no more
well of course chelsea is gonna win this game
so brilliant by chelsea
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . ”
goal west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard ) 81 24
number 2 for super frank ! 3-0 chelsea !
lampard with a brace now . 3-0 chelsea .
another goal for lampard ! chelsea lead 3-0 ! 
lampard kissing the chelsea badge infront of the west ham fans ? naughty
super frankie lampard ! .. what a performance from chelsea tonight .. 
chelsea murdering people outchea
on the other hand , chelsea is winning but they don't interest me .
lampaaaaaard goaaaaaal !! 3-0 chelsea ! 
3-0 chelsea goal lampard
girlwho think they're posh and from some up market place in chelsea when we all know they are as common as muck , don't kid yourself .
lampard again !! chelsea 3-0 
3 now . gomo chelsea gomo
amazing but lamps again 3-0 to chelsea hehehe
goalllllll chelsea frank lampard 3-0
gooaaalllll ! lampard 0-3 chelsea
super frankie .... hurting westham steady
goaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllll !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! super frank lampard scores and kisses the chelsea badge at the home of his former club !
goal !!!! lampard scores again for chelsea against his old side 3-0
i've got a do you / don't you situation ! 3-0 & 4-0 chelsea ...
chelsea 3-0 west ham
 ..... hell yes
goaal !! lampard ! chelsea 3 - 0 west ham 
omg lampard ...... 3-0 ! and the best part , he kissed the chelsea badge ! omg
lovely by lamps again . 3-0 chelsea ! 
frank lampard !!!! 3-0 chelsea !! super frank !!
fuck off chelsea
chelsea have been amazing today ^_^
chelsea's 3rd , frank lampard's 207th !!! gooaalll !!!
game sealed . lampard with his second , chelsea's third .
0-3 chelsea door lampard
lampard ! chelsea is killing it today
this is the best i have seen chelsea play in ages ! lovin it
lampard scores his first of the season from open play : 3-0 to chelsea
idc chelsea do not deserve a 3nil lead
lampard scores and kisses the chelsea badge
what a strike by lampard ! 
lampard kissing his chelsea badge at west ham ? nice .
82 ' - goal lampard , west ham 0 - 3 chelsea 
boooom !!!! 3-0 chelsea ... lampard's beautiful strike seals the over 81 '
fuck off chelsea
i hate chelsea
beautiful by lampard excellent play by chelsea
lampard with a screamer . 3-0 chelsea .
love lampard pointing to the chelsea badge at upton park
chelsea 3-0 
lampard secures the 3 points for chelsea !
3 late goals needed now let's go westham
lampard !! chelsea 3-0 west ham
 : sub chelsea make a change now as samuel eto'o comes off to be replaced by demba ba . west ham 0-2 chelsea(79 mins )
ouii buut 3-0 pour chelsea lampard >>>>>>>
i think calling chelsea fans tauts , agberos etc is now archaic and boring ... all ye haters should be creative .
yeah super lampard !!! whats a goalllll !!! 
lampard !!!!!! 
frank you beauty 
goal !!! west ham 0-3 chelsea ! lampard again .
fuck !!! game over ... lampard buried stupid westham unite ...
what a goal chelsea
lampard is owning west ham today . 
codeine b4 i sleep but let's finish the chelsea game 1st 3-0
chelsea 3 lampard gol 2
lampard !!! west ham 0-3 chelsea
lampard !!!! 
chelsea are disgusting . it's such a shame lukaku and mata play for them .
goal ! super lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . 
well done chelsea 😁😁
frankie lampard es un crack !!!! chelsea 3-0west ham
not a chelsea fan but great goal lampard . 
the words coming out my dads mouth after chelsea have just scored again 😱😂😂😂
hate chelsea , but man i love frank lampard
nice finish from lampard . good performance from chelsea
que grade franky x2 ! goooool ! 0 - 3 chelsea
chelsea is looking in great form
gooooooooool de frankie lamps !!!!!!! west ham 0-3 chelsea
lampardddd !!! west ham 0-3 chelsea
goal west ham 0-3 chelsea ( 82 mins) . a second for frank lampard as he sweeps home from just inside the penalty area 
lol lampard at his old club scoring twice 3-0 chelsea !
frank lampard nets the 3rd goal for | 3-0 over 
81 ' west ham 0-3 chelsea goal scored by lampard
 ! 3nil ! 
west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard again .
there it is ! frank with his goal in open game . 3-0 . chelsea should have this game in the bag
super finish from super frankie lampard . his 2nd goal of the night . chelsea 3-0 west ham 
my betting day started off awful but this evening is making up for it chelsea 3-0 so my big lump on 2/1 double lands .. nice
evertons best player plays for chelsea
3-0 chelsea , lampard with his second goal . game over
frank lampard makes it 3-0 chelsea .
lampardddd ! 3-0 to chelsea !
super . frank . 
im watching chelsea match on the tv and 1d day on my phone . and lampard just scored ! #1ddaylive
well that's just dandy . 
lampard bringin back memories .. great goal ... 3-0 chelsea 
lampard is chelsea
goal ! frank lampard has his 2nd to make it 3-0 to chelsea !
super frank lampard ⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️
goalll !!! lampard !!! 81 ' west ham 0 chelsea 3 |onel|
goal lampard ! 2nd of the game . well done lamps . 3-0 chelsea
gooooalllll ... lampard again , chelsea 3-0 westham 
goaaallll !!! frank lampard seals chelsea's victory !!
chelsea now 3 
chelsea 3-0 west ham . nice strike by lampard . his got his second for today .
3-0 settled that one 
super frank ! 3-0 chelsea !!
oh , fuck off chelsea .
come on chelsea
lampard seals the deal with an 81st minute half volley good goal west ham 0-3 chelsea 81 "
 goal ! west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea ( frank lampard 82') .
and a goal for chelsea
go away lampard we hate you . 3-0 chelsea to sum up an unbelievably bad performance by west ham
lampard !!! his second goal !! west ham united 0-3 chelsea
3 pts ., clean sheet , & lady physio sighting . hattrick in the making ?
goal captain frank , 3-0 for chelsea !!
lampard wit da daggah !!!!! 
 scores again , ouch right in the hammers ! 0 3
lampard !!!!!!!!!! ! 3-0 chelsea !
lampard 207 chelsea goals respect
owwhh lamps seals it up for chelsea
lampard scores his 2nd ... chelsea's 3rd ... angers west ham fans even more
chelsea fc ! <3 
former west ham man lampard seals victory 4 chelsea 3-0 typical frank lampard !!!
yes chelsea !!! 3-0 game set and match
goal ! chelsea 3-0 west ham . 207
golll ! lampard scores again ! west ham 0-3 chelsea 
chelsea are playing very nice football here tonight
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . 
gooooooooooaaaaaaaaaallllllllll !!!!!!!!!! chelseaaaaa !!!!! super frankie lampard with the goal !!! chelsea 3-0 west ham !!!
second for lamps third for chelsea
let's do it chelsea ! 
 : gooooll del chelsea , doblete de lampard ( min . 81) . west ham 0 - 3 chelsea .
goal west ham 0-3 chelsea , lampard ( 82) . 
goooall lamparddd !! west ham 0 - 3 chelsea .
chelsea 3-0 up at west ham ; lampard scoring again .
west ham 0-3 chelsea , lampard again
lampard does not miss 
lampard to score first and chelsea 2-0 . shock , he scores first and then scores again . 3-0 🔫
3-0 lampard 207 goal for chelsea
my brother thinks ronaldo moving to madrid can be compared to torres moving from liverpool to chelsea . like no , you don't know that feel . ✋
goalllll my boo lampard . no flipping home . 
lampard !!!! 😏 3-0 chelsea
lets those hammers know kiss that crest chelsea chelsea chelsea
great game by chelsea ! 3-0
lampard again ! 81 ' chelsea up 3-0
goal : lampard with a vintage strike on the edge of the box ! he's been doing that for about 15 years now ! 3-0 to chelsea . game over .
lampard 😍 what a sexy man 😘 
chelsea are dominating
goal !!! lampard ! west ham 0 - 3 
chelsea to score both halves 2/1 was piss easy
lampard te quiero ! west ham 0 - 3 chelsea
goal by frank lampard chelsea 3 west ham 0
chelsea go 3-0 up . lampard scores his second , kisses badge infront of away fans . west ham fans leaving en masse 
82 ' goal lampard . west ham 0-3 chelsea #207 
 
chelsea 3-0 west ham united 
super frankie lampard . chelsea different school the day
 goal 0 3 lampard ( 2 ) 92 
get in frank !! stick your bubbles up your ass !!! 
what a strike by lampard , chelsea playing with class today 👌
great strike from lampard , second of the night , 3-0 chelsea 
hope the chelsea coach blows up on their journey back :)
chelsea what a performance so far
lammmmpaaarrddd !! chelsea 3 - 0 west ham
3-0 . chelsea have been solid
when chelsea win its always a good day 
3 to the good . frank doing what frank does 
mr chelsea scored twice today . god bless you lampard
goal : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea , frank lampard .
lampard . 3-0 to chelsea
gaaaaaaal lampard , chelsea 3 west ham 0
one more for frank ! 3-0 
arabs got talent meen ya3am chelsea btl3ab
lampard again ! whu 0 - 3 chelsea 
lampard !!! 
chelsea are fucking shit though , get so lucky
another flick by hazard . another goal by lampard . 
chelsea playing beautiful football
3-0 chelsea . lampards 2nd of the night .
goool del chelsea , lampard , chelsea 3-0 west ham
lampard scores again what a goal westham 0 vs chelsea 3
still westham till i die
my 3-0 to chelsea bet looks like its coming through !!!!!!!!
frank lampard the definition of chelsea class ...
super frank lampard with his 2nd goal 3-0 chelsea
goooooooooollll frankie !!!!! gool west ham 0 - chelsea 3
gooooollll frank lampard 81 ' west ham 0-3 chelsea
chelsea won . shit . : s
lampard .. 3-0 chelsea
well done frank . brilliant . west ham 0 chelsea 3 81 minutes .
that's it ! lampard slaps in another ! 3-0 and game over 
goallll lampard . 3 a 0 . good chelsea
chelsea seriously thought the county we lived in was the united states . yes , the county . not country . 😂😂😂😂 my best friend is a retard
chelsea [ lampard , oscar , lampard ] 3-0 west ham
chelsea have looked back to their old mourinho best . organised , clinical everything they used to be
actually , chelsea does get a goal this half . two hundred and seven . <3
lampard ! second goal of the game for the legend ! chelsea 3-0 west ham . 
lampard score 2 and chelsea got 3
goal ... frank lampaaaaard !!! westham 0 vs 3 chelsea ♥
goal chelsea 3-0 up . lampard scores
what a goal ! lamps 3-0 chelsea ..
81 ' goooooooool de lampard . west ham 0-3 chelsea 
it chelsea bitches 👏👏
goal !! 3-0 chelsea . brace for lampard 
82mins : westham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard again )
goal ! lampard again , this time with a low drive . chelsea lead 3-0 . game over .
yes lampard !! 
west ham 0-3 chelsea west ham are a pushover
kiss of the badge , he's chelsea
westham are just shite
lampard puts it away ! 3-0 
i hate chelsea but sheesh lampard
 fucking love lampard 
well done chelsea !
sit down at bww and madi screams " chelsea ! you can finally have beer outside of the house !" my girl loves that i'm 21 also . 😂
chelsea , we are playing like we own this bitch
lampard !!! what a goal chelsea 3 up :) 
" goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . ” legend !! 🙌
goaalll !! frank lampard scores his second . whu 0-3 chelsea . -hb
aww so exciting seeing chelsea play in the band !
lampard goal ! chelsea puts this game to bed .
frank " og " lampard ! then he kissed the badge .... the chelsea badge 
lampard again !!! 3-0 chelsea !!
ahhhh we have been playing so much better than chelsea the second half and as fast as they get the chance they score
lampard kisses the chelsea batch infront of those pathetic west ham fans . you're shite , hammers . get over it . 207
as much as i hate chelsea one of my favorite players of all time is lampard 
lamapardd !! 3-0 
but chelsea tho >>>> that's my favorite english team .
lampard still got it ! 3-0 chelsea 😁
again lampard for chelsea !! 
frank lampard score the third goal 4 chelsea !!!!
he may kiss the badge but deep down he's westham
lampard again 3-0 
lampard 2 goal ! west ham 0-3 chelsea ! 
vintage super frank with two . first from open play this season . 3-0 . 3 points . 
chelsea has this one in the bag
lampard kissing chelsea's badge is priceless !!!!
goal super frankie lampard 3.0 chelsea
breaking news : chelsea are better at football than west ham
whu 0 3- chelsea , fait le bilan calmement
3rd goal for chelsea . lampard 81 '
goal !!! lampard great finish ! west ham 0-3 chelsea game over !
never been my dad supportin chelsea 😒
goal chelsea ! west ham united 0-3 chelsea ( lampard ) 
super frank ! when thisan is in form he uplifts the blues . chelsea stalwart ! 
super frank gets a third for chelsea . 3-0 game over .
come on chelsea !
how people can say liverpool & chelsea have some of the best away support in the league is unbelievable
my chelsea just to beast 😩🔵⚪️🔵 
chelsea's frank lampard whose father and uncle were west ham institutions still doesn't remember where he came from and who made him .
chelsea 3 - west ham 0 gonna be a easy win ....
frank lampard !!! 2 goals by lamps , 3 for chelsea !
it had to be part iii ( becoming a very predictable football weekend ): frank lamaprd with his second at upton park . west ham 0-3 chelsea .
81 ' gol de lampard !! west ham 0-3 chelsea
boom ! 3-0 chelsea ! 
lampard !!! 3-0 
again for lampard . goalll . 2 for lampard and 3 for chelsea .
boom .... chelsea 3 - 0 west ham .. lampard with two today after not scoring in 10 games 
chelsea 3 -0 west ham . lampard 207 goals
i love chelsea ........
go on lampard kiss that chelsea badge again . fucking fat wanker , i fucking hate him
and its over for west ham get in there chelsea
oh nooooooooo not again westham .. chelsea is kicking us as i don't know what/
yeah you kiss that chelsea badge lampard . 
frankie kissing the chelsea badge at upton park love it
chelsea cruises into 2nd on d log ...
lampard from up on on the pitch ! goaaal ! 
lampard scores a lampard goal . brace . 3-0 to chelsea .
lol westham scraps . sigh
world class finish by frank lampard 3 - 0 chelsea
whatever happens saints fans just remember we dont supprt westham , absolute awfull ha ha
love lampard when he plays for england just not chelsea . you don't celebrate against the team who made you 
golazo de lampard !! west ham 0 - 3 chelsea 
gooaall !!! ♥suupperr franck♥ 3-0 west ham .
lampard goals again !!! 3-0for chelsea 
lampard goaaal !! that's two on his name now he could be looking for hat-trick . west ham 0-3 chelsea , now .
chelsea sub : oscar off schurrle on 
chelsea are looking scary i can't lie
remember when chelsea wanted to get rid of frank lampard ! class apart !
and lamps makes it three for chelsea .. magan yakare : |
chelsea 3-0 olaaaaay . just give me my money now , let's have it over with ! 
3 for chelsea , 2 for lamps 3-0 
gooooaaaalll lampard again !!! chelsea 3-0 whu 
lampard brace , 3-0 chelsea . kisses the chelsea patch on his shirt . love you super frank .
chelsea 3-0 west ham !
lampard got his confidence back 3-0 chelsea !
3-0 chelsea :) lampard rebound :) i couldn't get any more happier :) being a west ham fan is so good atm :) yay :)
chelsea are giving wet spam a footballing lesson 0-3
chelsea love a flick around the corner
get in chelsea !! 
3-0 on fait le taff ! 
ahh chelsea scores again .
safe to say chelsea got the win !
lampard score . chelsea 3-0 west ham . huhu .
every chelsea fan saw tht lampard goal comming . dope goal
lampard with a brace for chelsea , superb finishing
wooooo !! lampard ! west ham 0-3 chelsea ..
chelsea is playing great rn
gooooooooooooool do chelsea ! lampard west ham 0x3 chelsea
fuck . off . chelsea .
frank ' mr chelsea ' lampard is the best at the edge of the box !
chelsea are going to win the league
chelsea is owning this , does it again !
lampard again ! drilled it low and hard ! wonderful strike ! 3-0 chelsea ! 
yeahhhhh gollllll !!!!!! chelsea 3-0 west ham 
lampard ! chelsea 3 - 1 whu
... and the three fans in the pub celebate lampard's goal ...
dam lampard is back beautiful goal 
lampard !!!!!!!!!! chelsea legend !!! 0-3
go chelsea go !!!
lamps kisses the chelsea in front of his former club
lampard chelsea legend
so jealous of my brother who wins over 3 and half grand if chelsea win
stick a fork in west ham ! dominant result today from 
what strike true to form 
chelsea score again .
west ham 0-3 chelsea . its the frank lampard show ! his 2nd of the game running onto a cross and rifling home with ease
every time i watch a full chelsea match lampard scores 
chelsea doing work right now on west ham⚽
goal ! frank lamps again ! nice strike ! west ham 0-3 chelsea .
chelsea 3 west ham 0 ... 2 goles de lampard un idolo
get in frank , now jus see this out now chelsea 3-0 👌 😊
another lampard goal !! 
total !!!!!!! /chelsea
kisses the chelsea badge
been coming all match . 
west ham-0-chelsea-3- gol de lampard !!
lampard !!!!!!!!!!!!! scoring his 2nd goal against his former club ( west ham ) to get 3 up !!!
hazard with a clever effort and lampard blasts it in ! a vintage strike by lampard . what . a . goal ! chelsea 3-0 west ham . 
fucking yes !! west ham 0-3 chelsea boom ! goodnight west ham
lampard with a blinder to make it three for chelsea 
brilliant goal lampard . well done chelsea .
chelsea is just raw . 
lampard le boss ! goal 81 ' west ham 0 - 3 chelsea
207 goals . what a player ! 
hate chelsea , love lampard .
thank you chelsea 💷💰
gooooaaaaaal !!!!!!!! chelsea motherfuckers chelsea <3
lampard shows he still has the goals in him ! 3-0 chelsea !: )
super franky lampard !!!!! 0-3 !!! 
we love you chelsea ... we do !
lets goooo 3-0 chelsea
81 ' - goal ! west ham 0 3 ( lampard ) 
lampard scores again .. and kisses the chelsea badge at the west ham stadium ! 
lampard is such a prick to west ham , kissing the badge of chelsea ...
the legend lambard 
goaal lampard !!! #3 -0
chelsea 3-0 west ham united goal from frank lampard 😎
west ham 0-3 chelsea : vintage lampard , late arriving at the edge of the box , to slam it in . upton park emptying in response . #207
sat home alone , watching the chelsea match , don't even like chelsea .
westham is making this a little too easy
yes lamps !!!! 3-0 great game chelsea
goooolll !!!! 82 ' lampard . . west ham 0-3 chelsea captainlegend
super frank lampard fires in a great goal ! get in chelsea ! 3-0 
frank lampard celebrates by kissing the chelsea badge . beautiful .
lampaaaaaaard ! he goes onto to kiss the chelsea badge in front of the chelsea fans ! :')
super " frankie " mks it 3 for chelsea . game over
second for lampard ! super goal ! 81 ' - west ham 0 - 3 chelsea 
nice for chelsea to record a win at the boelyn ground . especially after what happened last season
chelsea -1 chelsea -2 , chelsea ht/ft and chelsea win both halfs . 
greatest player to ever wear a shirt . frank lampard ! 
chelsea 3-0 , f lampard again ' living legend !
super frankie lampard 😍😍😍💙💙💙💙 3-0 i love chelsea 💙
chelsea , i love you .
207 goals from lampard to chelsea
lampard 💃 - this man is chelsea ❤️ 
love it . frank lampard pounding his chest & kissing the badge in front of the chelsea fans . boo him all you want , it only spurs him on #207
lampard scored :) 
west ham united vs chelsea fc : 0 - 3 2x , oscar * keep the blue flag flying high *
goal ! 3-0 to chelsea .
207 chelsea league goals ... frank lampard ... it's as astounding goalscoring record for an attacking midfielder 
lampard ! you are one of the reasons i love chelsea . frank , the legend ♡ é 
whu 0-3 chelsea job well done
 makes it 3-0 in chelsea favour . 
goal ! west ham 0-3 chelsea - lampard seals the game for chelsea , drilling a low shot into the bottom corner ! 83 '
i've always wondered why west ham still hold a grudge for lampard but know i know 3-0 chelsea ! 
frank lampard once again 
lampsy can't stop kissing badge oh frankie we love you !!: )
super frank !!! 3-0 chelsea 
seems like chelsea is getting 3 points today 
west ham-chelsea 0-(3 ) but de frank lampard ( 82 ' ) 
lampard scores and it's 3-0 to chelsea
chelsea substitution : oscar off , andre schurrle on 
3-0 to chelsea !!!!!!! what a goal !! 207
let's get it chelsea
btw well done chelsea ! 
chelsea 3-0 west ham
typical lampard goal makes it his 207th goal for chelsea . fantastic stuff . 0-3 . 
one more chelsea i beg of you
common chelsea ~ yeepy
fuck you chelsea useless motherfuckers
is this chelsea westham game a rerun ?
chelsea wankers !
chelsea legend ! 💙👏👍
can chelsea score another goal so we can move to 4th place ? please and thank you
 3-0
3-0 chelsea , lampard again ..
lampard is 207 ! west ham 0-3 chelsea .
unbelievable to think that lampard was on the verge of being forced out of chelsea
 : goal !!! west ham 0-3 chelsea ( 82 mins) . a second for frank lampard as he sweeps home from just inside the penalty area
 good play by chelsea .
chelsea leading 3-0 . whoooo !!!!
lampard 10 games without a goal and finally broke that streak , chelsea 3-0
kisses the chelsea badge in front of his breeding ground fans 
goal lampard ! 3-0 to chelsea . classic late run into the box and finish from frank . he looks like a completely different player in a 3 man mid
goaal chelsea 3-0 west ham
 gooal ! west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ( frank lampard 82') .
chelsea dun dirt still aha
thats my chelsea !! 3-0
west ham 0 chelsea 3 . lampard again . converts , after ivanovic cross and blocked hazard shot , a trademark finish 
 makes it 3 - 0 ! 3 - 0 
that westham reject aint too bad ... 
super frank with a second goal today for chelsea .
lampard goal !!!!!! west ham 0-3 
3rd place baby 
jyeahhhhh ! goallll for chelsea ! very good shot from frank lampard !
lampard ! game done chelsea , well done boys
82 ' - 0-3 - lampard ( chelsea ) vs 
2 goals against his former club . deep . 3 - 0 chelsea .
chelsea played well today 
chelsea cruising by west ham right now with 3 goals
5 goals in his last 5 appearances against westham .. #207 
lampard again , chelsea 3-0 west ham united
lampard tho 
come on froch , knock the chelsea mug out
classic frank lampard goal , very business like performance 
there's two for lampard ! and 3 for chelsea ! 
how have we been all over chelsea this half , yet we dont score and we still concede . wank
west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea . 82 ' frank lampard scores for chelsea !
elementary well done boys chelsea 3 west ham 0
gooool lampard , west ham 0-3 chelsea . love chelsea
oww yea baby ! frank lampard scored again for chelsea . 3-0
smashing the pikeys on their own turf ! come on the chelsea 
chelsea's father scores again ! super frankie does it again !.. 
kissing chelsea's badge is like kissing a pile of money
goallllll for frank lampard chelsea lead 3 nil
booom get in there chelsea !! very good day at the office for 
goal #2 goals 
must be said forget west ham he's chelsea through and though now 
that frankie lampard , he does love the chelsea you know 
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea
update : 80 ' west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea .
3 goals for chelsea
west ham fans must be buzzing !! 
it's 0-3 for chelsea ! lampard classic goal !
lampard yet again ...!! 
chelsea subtitution : schurrle on , oscar off
3-0 please chelsea could do with winning a bet
always frank .. always lampard ♡ 
always happy to see a chelsea player go down injured 
207 goal for chelsea !!
chelsea dominant but west ham have been very poor tonight . relegation candidates for sure . 
lampard get his name on d scoresheet . vs westham
frank lampard makes a point of french kissing that chelsea badge at upton park
good game good goals good play , not a entertaining match but a good chelsea performance ! well done lads 
gol ke-3 chelsea xd love you lampard !
cmon chelsea keep it at 3 !
always nice to win a bet after one of your drunken night's out ! chelsea , arsenal , newcastle , stoke =£90 . cheers sonnnnnn !
west ham are shocking at home this season . man city and chelsea were potential scalps and they've failed on both occasions .
goal lampard . west ham united 0-3 chelsea . game over for hammers . 
great chelsea support behind the goal !
yeah chelsea !
love you chelsea
definitely playing better this half . 3-0 chelsea lol
arsenal , swansea , newcastle , chelsea . and to top it off internet went dodgy and i couldnt back bobs worth in time . 
wasnt expecting this from chelsea !
goooooaal lampard !!! 0-3 82 ' come on chelsea !!!
goal west ham 0-3 chelsea ( 82 mins) . a second for frank lampard as he sweeps home from just inside the penalty area 
worst thing is we was playing alright in last 20 mins and then chelsea 1 chance and judas scores .
lampard a true chelsea legend ! 2 goals !
another chelsea sub . schurrle on for oscar . 
such a legend , 3-0 chelsea 207
goooall ... super frankie .. 82 mins .. chelsea 3 goals
brilliant movement , capped off by a superb finish from super frank !! 
love the atmosphere at westham right now
i pray chelsea win dis one 
207 goals for chelsea 
goooooaaal ! west ham united vs . fc chelsea . livescore 0-3 
3-0 yes yes chelsea⚽️💙
lampard what a strike . he always score westham . 3 nil
that gives chelsea 3rd spot in the table . 
if i'm playing fifa and i'm using chelsea , you can't beat me
na still 3 points , chelsea fans
oh shit , we are having the same gd with chelsea ... c'mon westham ...!!!
goal ! west ham united 0-3 chelsea . lampard gets his second of the night !
won £140 tanks chelsea
lampard loves kissing the chelsea badge playing against west ham lol
chelsea got 3 goals now
why are all chelsea games so boring ?
game .. set ... match .. with the brace .. 3-0 
frank kisses the badge at upton park . whu 0 chelsea 3
lampard scores , celebrates in front if the chelsea fans and kisses the badge
scoring against westham is surely anoda milestone for lamps . 
goalllll !!! chelsea 3-0 west ham , lampard
wow chelsea is legally raping west ham'am so happy '
well played by chelsea
lampard ... classic chelsea strike !!
nice win for chelsea ticked off our treble , now just for our 2 italian serie a games to come in for the win . 
inagotable ! lampard anota su gol 207 por chelsea !
oscar for schurrle , and 3-0 chelsea
tiki-taka 3-0 chelsea . gerrard take a note . #2pl
that was sweet frankie and against the hammers its even sweeter . 3 up 
mums boyfriend supports west ham #3 -0
lampard scores & kisses his chelsea jersey . e go pain westham fans ehn . chai
super duper frank lampard ... chelsea 3-0 ..
goalll ! lampard , chelsea 3 - 0 west ham
lampard ! 207 goals ! 3-0 for chelsea
lampaaaaaard . and he kisses the badge . chelsea lead 3-0 . 
we stay 2nd unless chelsea score again haha
goooollll de mi lampard !!! 8 
3-0 , super frank ! 207 goals for chelsea !
easy win for chelsea .
3 a 0 chelsea
nice shot from frank lampard as he scores his second goal for the day to make it west ham 0-3 chelsea . we're moving up again
lampard scores ! 3-0 chelsea ! 81 '
frank lampard ! 😍❤️ 2 goals 
goal west ham 0-3 chelsea ( 82 mins) . a second for frank lampard as he sweeps home from just inside the penalty area 
chelsea won and madrid 1 up after 3 minutes . easy winnings .
lampard the legend 
goal west ham 0-3 chelsea ( 82 mins) . a second for frank lampard
he is chelsea . thru and true .
wth ? i've never seen so many chelsea fans 😳
brace for suoer frank ! all 3 points to chelsea .
chelsea , you guys ... 😚 #3 -0
just keeps on scoring goals ! 
west ham 0-3 chelsea , super frank again 
fat frank showing his class by kissing the chelsea badge . such a good match . 
yes lampard keep them goals coming , increase that goal difference pls 3-0 to chelsea
hate chelsea with a passion but frank lampard is class
been a stroll in the park for chelsea
sorted !!!!!!!!! in your house , in your house , in your house !!!! shitted all over you in your house !!!!!!! 
chelsea goaaaallll . 3-0
* mom watching the match with me * - ' chelsea kay 3 hain aur " who " kay 0 goals hain ' 
lampard makes its 3 for chelsea against westham , his second of the game
 ' 81 ' goall lagi lampard !! west ham 0-3 chelsea 
it's amazing to think that chelsea nearly let lampard go for nothing . 
gooollll !!!!!! super frank bring chelsea leading 3-0
chelsea is playing to nice !
goalllllllll ! . 3-0 to chelsea . 
3-0 chelsea . frank lampard gets his second of the evening , slotting past jaaskelainen .
extremely impressed with chelsea today .
frankly speaking frank lampard as just score his 207th goals for chelsea ...... what a legend 
oscar is the ozil of chelsea juan mata is no more lol
arghh confuse arr ... nk tgk chelsea
goal lampard !! 3-0 to chelsea
yeahhh , chelsea must win
lampard got his second of the game . chelsea now leading by three goals to none . 
#1ddaylive lots of love from maisy and chelsea ! we are staying up all night ( see what we did there ? ) to watch ! xxx
lampard scoring from no . 10 position is bad for chelsea .. believe me .. chelsea will struggle against difficult opponents . 
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . 
goal .. lampard gets a brace & makes it three for chelsea . dz
westham are so good i think we are in for a chance to win the league !
great game to watch from a chelsea point of view , well done 
lampard again ! 3-0 chelsea :d
this chelsea's jersey is crazy
lampard scores the 3rd for chelsea 0-3
what a strike by frank lampard . westham 0 chelsea 3
goooooaaaallll ! west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampaaaaaaaard !
3 points for chelsea . :)
cos we are the chelsea and we are the best ....
 
lampard . game over . 2 goals for big frank . 3-0 chelsea and big sam must be wondering where his side go from here .
fat frank kissing the chelsea badge after scoring against the club that gave him his chance . thats class all the way 
5goals in last 5games against westham united ... lampard
yoooooh chelsea 3 west hum united 0 nice goal frank lampard what a shoooooooootzzzz yooooooooh
lamps worst goal drought as a chelsea player ... well done jose the overrated one
west ham are making chelsea look like a superpower right now
chelsea goalllll !!! by lampard
one king our king frank lampard forever blue :) #8 3-0 chelsea :)))
well done chelsea💙💙💙💙💙💙
i will never love anything as much as lampard loves chelsea .
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . 
oh shit .. i didnt rate chelsea at all but 3-0
being a westham fan is such hard work
mourinhos fresh trim giving chelsea a fresh outlook
lampard's a football legend , two great goals today from him for a comfortable chelsea win
gol del chelsea lampard .
goal ! chelsea 3 . frank lampard right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner .
chelsea and united are equally the two worst teams to lose to ever .
goaaaal ! lampard serves the humble pie ! west ham 0-3 chelsea 82 ' 
2 goals for game over 0-3 
chelsea loss would've been good but fuck it
goall 2 super frank lampard and oscar westham 0 3 chelsea 
laaaaampaaaaaaard makes it 3-0 to chelsea vs west ham
viva chelsea !!! 3-0 
now we ve finally found the right position for the greatest goalscorer in chelsea history . what a lampard goal
sat in a london bar watching west ham vs chelsea they get lively mind
super frankie lampard ! only player along with oscar i respect in chelsea .
sick and embarrassed !!! chelsea bn very average and won 3-0 bfs on way out ! lost dressing room by wat i see
oh frankie l does love a goal against his former employers . i think he feeds on all the unnecessary hate . 3-0 chelsea 24
and it is lampard making it 3-0 up for chelsea
wtf goal lagi chelsea
chelsea celebrating cuz their playing against a useless club
chelsea wrap up the game , lampard smashing into the bottom corner . west ham woeful . 0-3 
3-0 pour chelsea 
chelsea 3-0 west ham lampard goal 81 "
west ham 0-3 chelsea ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 2nd half
lampard scores and it's 3-0 to chelsea
lampard with the dagger . 3-0 chelsea .
much as i hate chelsea , it's hard not to like lampard . he's great .
the former west ham man , frank lampard , scores his second goal today for chelsea !! west ham 0-3 chelsea 81 mins ' played ! 
fuck chelsea and any player that has ever played for them except sol campbell
this is why chelsea shouldn't sell lampard :)
chelsea winning by 3 goals . bang . bang .
chelsea are going in
chelsea 3 0 west ham united 
chelsea 3 - 0 west ham ! 
chelsea 3 whu 0 82 mins gone . lamps slam it in to make it 3
ironing paki clothes is hard work ... especially whilst watching the chelsea game !
west ham 0-3 chelsea , another goal and they go 2nd , above us , on goal difference .
epl – goal alert : west ham united 0-3 * chelsea *( lampard 82 ’) 
lampard just always lovely ! he love chelsea , he really do !
phew was starting to sweat a bit there , but there's my over 2.5 goal double up , liverpool and chelsea match , shame its not wh with the lead
chelsea football club♥
that , ladies and gentlemen , is pure class . # lampard ! 3 0 .
doblete de super frankie ! 3-0 chelsea 
pure class from chelsea !!! that's what i like to see oscar ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
chelsea 3-0 west ham . 3 points in the bag . 
damn .... didn't know the chelsea game was on nbc ... coulda been watching this whole time
super frankie again scores chelsea 3 west ham 0
i love when scores on cuz it just pisses their fans off . har har har 
gooooool de lampard <3 chelsea ganando 3-0
gooool de lampard ! west ham 0 - chelsea 3
gool . west ham 0-3 chelsea . frank lampard
goal ! west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard ) on heat . 
fuck off chelsea cunts
wow ! chelsea is playing today . i pray mufc does well tomorrow .
yes ! what a goal , what a strike from frank lampard , his 2nd in the game ! 3-0 chelsea ! 
a chelsea win . a tar heel win . it's time for the trifecta with the gophers !
don't mind getting beaten by a better team if you give it a go . we haven't made chelsea work for it tonight
lampard ...... goal 207 ...... record goal scorer .... kissing the chelsea badge ... 
why am i always so emotional when a chelsea player kiss the badge
82 ' ) west ham united [ 0 - 3 ] chelsea < england - premier league >
1dday which team do you like the most west ham or chelsea ?!?!?!?!?! xxxxxxxxx
lampard loves chelsea . i'm so proud .
i give up !! fuck this game !! shambles chelsea have bullied us to whole game
lampard's love for chelsea is one of the greatest thing in the world
lampard scored . chelsea fans loses their mind lol
chelsea are touching west ham nicely
i'm going for a shit it's more fun than watching this shite chelsea deserve it score was deserved
extending that chelsea record !!!
goooal ! west ham 0-3 chelsea 82 ' lampard take a bow ! 
goooool !!! chelsea
chelsea put me in a bad mood
 | gooooooooool de chelsea !!!!! gooooool de lampard !!!! a los 81 ' west ham 0-3 chelsea .
goal ! chelsea 3 west ham united 0 . premier league soccer
game over . calm and alert finish . typical frank lampard . vs 
be loyal to me like frank lampard is loyal to chelsea and i will love you and only you ..
kissed the badge aswell , love that lamps ;)
fuhhh lampard on form scored 2 for chelsea
chelsea can chalk up 3 points now 
genuinely don't know what i would do without chelsea .
lampard just won it for them . chelsea 3 - 0 west ham
frank does what frank does best 3-0 chelsea 💙⚽️
west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
one more goal and we move to second place . come on chelsea ...
my last rt haha trust me i know too many chelsea fans like that
chelsea 3-0 west hum
lamparddd !! what a cracking finish !! loves scoring against his old club west ham ! 3 0 game over ! :) 
 puts the nail in the coffin , 0-3 !!! 
lampard in his second ! 3-0 
and lampard strikes again ! 3-0 chelsea 👏🎉 
substitution for chelsea schurrle on oscar off 
chelsea's trainer >>>
goooaal super frank is back two on the day . west ham 0-3 chelsea , game set match !
yooo lampard ....... <3 
and again my baby , third goal for chelsea . thank you , frankie 😘☺️💞
frank lampard celebrates by kissing the chelsea badge . beautiful ."
sub another chelsea change : oscar goes off and andre schürrle comes on . seven minutes left at upton park 
a brace for frank lampard . that must hurt for the west ham fans ! 
we love you chelsea , we do , we love you chelsea , we do , we love you chelsea , we do , oh chelsea we love you ..! go blues
gggggooolll ! lampard ! west ham 0-3 chelsea 
chelsea sub : oscar off - schurrle on 
goal lampard west ham 0 - 3 chelsea fc 81 ' 
lampard is such a prick to west ham , kissing the badge of chelsea ...
just been told st. george groves is a chelsea fan , feeling tribal here . so forest wear red , carl froch to win and win well .
 scores twice , once more proving that the hesitation and doubt in resigning him this year was incredibly stupid 
it is finished for west ham . another 3points for chelsea . let's go blues
chelsea to score in both halfs lands .
lampard on a hat trick ... west ham 0-3 chelsea
u are the true player ! man of chelsea !
dark performance by chelsea !!!
you kiss that chelsea badge franky lamps 
nice rebound lampard 
 #3rd goal 8
god of chelsea is back
ok chelsea is up the table
lampard is still king !!!!!!! 
super frank loves it against westham scum
lampard scores hs second of d nyt . its chelsea 3-0 westham
brace for super frank ! all 3 points to chelsea .
kissing chelsea badge against team that gave u a chance as a professional . class act u are frank
they're here , they're there , they're every fucking where , empty seats , empty seats !! 
81 ' west ham 0 vs 3 chelsea frank lampard
return of domestic football . return of west ham fucking up and putting me in a bad mood . chelsea not even had to get out of 2nd gear
frank lampard kissing the chelsea badge , what a disrespectful wanker , i seem to remember the fat twat kissing the west ham badge .
that's 3-0 chelsea ! 2 goals for lampard . more ? yes please .
lampard with no goals in 10 games and boom ! 2 goals already ! 3-0 to chelsea !
yeeeees lamps ... chelsea through and through , take that hammer fans ! great finish :-)) 
83 . west-ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard )
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . "
lampard !! what a chelsea legend 2goalbam !!!
lampard makes it 3 for chelsea 
chelsea 3-0 westham ...... thumbs up 2 lampard
frank lampard celebrates by kissing the chelsea badge . beautiful . 
chelsea 3 west ham 0
chelsea haven't kept a clean sheet in 7 games so we are still in this game come on !
as if chelsea were even considering not renewing lampards contract last season🔥🔥
c'mon chelsea 💪👌⚽️😀
83 ' chelsea sub : oscar off , schurrle on .
another goal will take chelsea to second spot .
he says typical lampard finish , yet it wasn't a deflection !! 
loook at my followers and lampards goal for chelsea its the sammmmeeeeee
lamps with a superb 3 nil up chelsea
wonder what odds you get from betting on a player who gets booed to score . 
its incredible to witness lampard's killer goal . such a decisive and unwavering strike ! its now 2-0 to chelsea :)
chelsea 3 west ham 0 what a goal from lampard !!!!
in fact the whole chelsea management .
82 ' gooooool again lampard ! whu 0-3 chelsea 
and frank makes it 3 .... enough said ! west ham 0 chelsea 3 ... 7 minutes remaining
82 ' gooooooooooooooooooooooooal lampard again :d west ham vs chelsea 0-3 legend is a small word for him <3 
82 ' gooooooooooooooooooooooooal lampard again :d west ham vs chelsea 0-3 legend is a small word for him <3 
my only wish is for chelsea to get fucked by west ham .
chelsea is a shit hole of a club 
frank lampard !! chelsea legend scores again . 😃
goooooooal the second from lampard tonight to his former team . west ham 0-3 chelsea its game over from the home side with 8 minutes to go .
whu 0 chelsea 3 !
chelsea 3-0 up with eight minutes left . taking nothing for granted . 
oscar is just 24/7 involved when chelsea go forward
lampard scores his 5th goal in the last 5 games against westham .. 3-0
lampard is too stupid to realise the players he is disrespecting by kissing the chelsea badge at the boleyn , including his own father
don't hate any club more than chelsea ! specially the fans absolute tinpot plastic cunts !
yes 3-0 chelsea , if it stays like this i've won a steady 36 pound
amuses me when girls act posh as if they're from made in chelsea when they're clearly common as muck . bitch , stop kidding yourself✋
chelsea done and dusted 8/11
goal ! lampard scores his second of the game after drilling a low shot home . game over . chelsea have eased to victory today . | 0-3 
0-3 chelsea ! !
chelsea haven't even played well , neither did norwich last week 
so i put a bet on oscar to score and chelsea 3-0 at odds of 11/1 . if it stays like this that's a very cheeky win 
west ham 0 chelsea 3 . three points in the bag 
chelsea won 3-0 goals by lampard(2 ) and oscar 😄
 81 ' ¡goool ! lampard . west ham 0 - 3 chelsea
why does lampard insist on kissing the chelsea badge ? against the club that nurtured him ? really ? can't wait until he's put out to pasture .
super frankie lampard makes it 3 for chelsea with a signature long range low strike . 
81 ' 3rd goal for chelsea with a great shot from lampard who scores a double .
frank is a chelsea legend ... shame that when he plays for england he is consistently shit ...
give me some credit ! sitting with chelsea fans and kept watching right to the end ! 
goal update 81st min : westham 0 - 3 chelsea 
chelsea vs westham , dortmund vs bayern m , real madrid vs almeria .... gud evening of soccer ... # louvity
next year big gig in malaysia , chelsea grin and asking alexandria !! i won't gonna miss it this time !!
lampard again !! west ham 0-3 chelsea 
frankie you beauty . chelsea on 3 goals . 
goal ! lampard westham 0-3 chelsea
" and it's game set match now , for mourinho's men !" lampard slots a rebound home . 3-0 chelsea . 82 ' 
3 - 0 chelsea right here lets have another beer
still wanna boo lampard westham ?
all very quiet from westham fans on twitter ! who are you who are you 
chelsea's inconsistency still does my brain in though ..
3-0 chelsea 💙 back to 2nd place
boston's finest comes back on tuesday ! i'm excited . maybe they'll go to chelsea . 617 !
nooooooo ! fuck off ! lampard scores again . 3-0 chelsea and that means we move to 3rd . ffs !!!
chelsea wrap it up and wrap up another winner for me ! 
 with a brace !!!! west ham 0-3 chelsea ! he loves scoring against the hamers ! ! !
golll frank lampard . westham 0 - 3 chelsea
lampard hates westham cause e sacked his dad he'll be loving this !! 
how i love ... 
so , my phones broke .. and all of my prom and chelsea photos are on there ah
i was the tiniest bit optimistic but chelsea's third has all but crushed that .
frankie !!! 2 goals from the legend himself . 3-0 to my blues . 
schurrle for oscar . c'mon 
lampard anytime & chelsea win @ 4/1 . he always scores against west ham haha
gooooollll kedua super frank ! 0-3 chelsea ! 207goals
lampard with a great goal . come on chelsea !
lampard kissing the chelsea badge against his old club west ham . typically chelsea .
goooaaallll de chelsea !!! 3-0 another goal from frank lampard
chelsea lolese !
west ham 0-3 chelsea oscar !!!! lamparddd ( 2gs) !!!.
chelsea 3-0
lampi ... u r the best .. chelsea love u boys ... driving me crazy ...
chelsea lankes ' " wrecking ball " is better than miley's , in my opinion . just in case y'all were wondering how thug i am . get at me ladies .
that's why we love chelsea
chelsea win and that's 190 for today . happy days ! 
fuck football fuck work fuck life fuck westham .
gooooooooooal . lampard again . westham 0-chelsea 3 . keep it 2 the fullest .
super frankie again .. west ham 0-3 chelsea !
goooooaaaal chelsea 3 - west ham 0 again wow this lad
keep it up chelsea ! 💙💙👏👏 
super goal by super frankie lampard at his former home ground as chelsea go 3up against the hammers and frank has a brace . 
no more goals plz chelsea
83 ' west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea lampard 20 ' ( pen) , 82 ' oscar 34 ' 
nice little treble there . arsenal , newcastle & chelsea 😉
you know my predictions werent righr today , predicted chelsea will lose&arsenal will draw
lovely finish by lampard ( his 2nd of the game ) to make it 3-0 to chelsea , but west ham really have been utter gash today 
hahaha lampard kissing cfc batch in front of westham fans .... tht will hurt more .... bt he has full rights to do so ....
lampard scores his second of the night against his old club , a fine strike from the edge of the area . game . set . match . chelsea 3-0 up 83 '
best thing that ever come out of westham has totally ruined them tonight !
lampard scores his 2nd goal ( a brace ) for chelsea against west ham as usual for his new club and current club chelsea against his old club
 3-0 chelsea
kiss the badges .. 
lampard ! 207 goals ! 3-0 for chelsea ! 
goal : west ham 0 v 3 * chelsea ( lampard 82 ' ) 
frankie kissing the chelsea badge at upton park aaahhh
80 min goal ! west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard )
one more and we'll be 2nd . come on , chelsea ! 
don't know worst for westham fans seeing frankie score twice or going back to the carvan 
lampard makes it 3-0 to chelsea ! game over for whu . 
lampard scores again against his old team and points to and kisses his badge . great goal from 3-0 
wtf !!! west ham 0 - 3 chelsea
goal ! frank lampard 82 ' | west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea .
guessing chelsea just scored
west ham 0-3 chelsea . super frankie at the double .
goal : west ham 0-3 chelsea hazards blocked shot falls to lampard who sweeps it into the net ! 
chelsea score lagi ! ! ! love you the blues .!
goal ! frank lampard makes it 3-0 to chelsea with eight minutes left .
westham are so shit xd
goooolll frank lampard 81 ' west ham 0-3 chelsea
gooaaaallll !! lampard makes it , 84 ' west ham 0 - chelsea 3 .
bollocks man . i done arsenal 1-0 chelsea 3-0 why did the ref give a pen i would be fucking 250 up 
up da blues !! 
chelsea are such a strong team and when they play against an under performing team they look unbeatable
chelsea subs : oscar out - schurrle in 
oi chelsea fans , come on , expected more of them flags
west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
as i said earlier , even though its against chelsea , you can't play in the pl without a striker up front . it's a death wish 
another goal from chelsea . frank lampard make it 0-3 . he kiss the chelsea badge . what a breaking heart moment .
lampard goal again 80'!! west ham 0-3 chelsea . 207goals ~
goooaaalll chelsea fc !!! thx to frank lampard !!! ( 0-3 ) 
franck lampard will forever be a legend 
goal lampard for chelsea 3-0 vs west ham
beeen glued to the tv with my dad in the irish village no choice 
man chelsea looks so good today , i love it
goal ! west ham 0-3 chelsea . f . lampard 82 mins .
lampard ! 207 goals ! 3-0 for chelsea ! 
whoops totally missed the super frank goal . 3-0 chelsea over west ham .
cmon chelsea , score one more to get into second place !
rvp celebrates against arsenal , hes a cunt . lampard kisses chelsea badge against old club , no one says anything .
fuck off chelsea
chelsea lead 3-0
lampard !!! 0-3 ... for chelsea
super frank lampaaaaaaaarrrd goal ( again ) west ham 0-3 chelsea fc \m/
3-0 chelsea . lamps again . game , set and match . 
frank lampard 207 goal to chelsea and he is a midfielder 
lampard ! 207 goals ! 3-0 for chelsea ! 
chelsea goal !!!
chelsea means they are now 3rd
so if chelsea score another we go 3rd ...
come on chelsea , one more goal and we're in 2nd place ...
chelsea e rata 3-0 ka pelo yotle ☺ 
chins west ham ! like a training game for chelsea
i don't even like chelsea ..
chelsea 3 west ham 0 booooom
fuck 3 nill to chelsea 
goal !!!!! wat a brilliant shot by frank lampard !!!! chelsea 3-0 west ham united
frank lampard scores again to take chelsea 3-0 up . eto'o has come off . 
now time for chiefs to beat stars nd madrid to do the same cos chelsea have already won
come on great game brilliant game by frank lampard
goool lampard !!!!! westham 0-3 chelsea
82 ' goal lampard . west ham 0-3 chelsea #207 
chelsea looking good tonight , west ham fans must all have sore throats
goal ! lamps whips the ball low into the bottom corner from the edge of the area as west ham fail to clear . west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ( 82 mins )
one more chelsea come on
you just have just got to love chelsea , playing good soccer am proud to point out that its my team 
gooal ! west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ( frank lampard 82') .
real madrid , chelsea and bayern are playing and winning :d
respect 
whoa !!! that ' s third goal was crazy .
i would have slept but chelsea on fire :d 3-0 yess
lamps kisses the chelsea badge on his shirt after scoring his second of the game at upton park . the geezer is pure class . 
gooooal for chelsea !!! frank lampard scores ! 82 ' minute , west ham 0 - 3 chelsea 
frank makes its 3-0 for chelsea 
up chelsea and lampardo . he just netted chelsea 3rd goaaaaaaaaaaal nowwwww . oscar off for schealer .
£230 from a five fold . cheers chelsea
good old to truly seal the deal . if sack maybe could take him ?
super frankie lampard gets his second of the night . 3-0 to chelsea . oscar with the other . 
west ham 0-3 chelsea : vintage lampard , late arriving at the edge of the box , to slam it in . upton park emptying in response . #207
goaall fl8 .. whu 0-3 chelsea . good job
 3pts in the bag , great performance , in particular super frank !
ok , if it goes to 0-4 then i will be fussed about getting dicked by chelsea .
fire drill at upton park ? the west ham fans are disappearing . 3-0 chelsea .
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . 
frank lampard <3 a true legend . he scores frequently . ☺ chelsea leading by 3 goals to nil against west ham . [ lampard scored twice ] 
gol de lampard chelsea 3-0 whu
one more goal and chelsea take 2nd
good job chelsea ! ♥
but if he doesn't win our next matches against fulham , palace and sunderland he has to go 
these commentators bang on about lampard being ex west ham as if he's only just moved to chelsea . idiots .
frank lampard is absolutely a chelsea legend
hazard ! 3 a 0 , chelsea .
how the fuck did i miss this chelsea game . this nbc channel shit be confusing me
82 ' goal lampard . west ham 0-3 chelsea #207 
super frank ! first goal open play in this season ! west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea fc ( lampard 21 ', 82 ', oscar 34 ' ) 
chelsea leading 3nil . now for west ham to score & i get my 3-1 prediction correct
i think west ham are so poor that they made chelsea look decent tonight . 
lampard you ungreatful twat , never forget where you came from - westham fans probably !
we've been out classed by chelsea
barcelona won , chelsea won , and it doesn't matter if milan doesn't win ❤️
81 ' goooooooool de lampard . west ham 0-3 chelsea 
goooaaalllll lampard !!!!!!!!! west ham united o - 3 chelsea ...
 lamps you are sooo awesome today !!! 3-0 wooohooooo !!! oh i need start the tea kettle ......
82′ goal frank lampard goal ! lampard grabs his second and chelsea's third ! west ham fans are leaving early at upton park ...
west ham united 0-3 chelsea
ĺampart kissing chelsea badge at upton park totally disrespectful . typical of chelsea management and players . 
chelsea 3 - 0 wha !!!
fantastic strike from frank lampard as he gets his brace and it's westbrom 0 chelsea 3 . 
frankyyyy goooaaalll 3-0 chelsea
chelsea 3 - 0 west ham . am i surprised ? hell no ! 
seriously hate chelsea
southampton are going to whoop chelsea next week man
chelsea sub : essien on for hazard .
chelsea 3-0 up and mata still doesn't come on .. 
westham will still win this . 4-3 jaaskalainen with a hattrick .
says a lot that chelsea haven't kept a clean sheet lately but we can't even score against them
not taking nothing away from but it's like a practice match too easy !! 
chelsea 3 - west ham
westham shitham
chelsea all the way !! 
fuck off chelsea
chelsea elayne : american apparel all wrapped up in a body
lampard shots are wicked .. 0-3 . one more goal will be highly appreciated .. come on chelsea !
that was so good !!! 
( 82 ' ) goool del chelsea . frank lampard sentencia el encuentro para los blues . west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . 
* sighs * chelsea wins .
a walk in the ( upton ) park for chelsea . 3-0 up as we approach the final 5 minutes
 pls rt !!!!!!
yeeeeeees !! does it again ! he loves scoring against the hammers ! chelsea have well and truly burst west ham's bubble ! 8 
min 81 . goooooooool de lampard !!! west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard ( p . ) , oscar ) 
frank score vs he old club and kiss the chelsea badge ... get boo a lil tho
when chelsea play my dad does not shut up corr
ha ha go on fans fuck off home
lampard scores his 2nd goal ( a brace ) for chelsea against west ham as usual for his new club/side and current club/side chelsea against
yes lampard did play for westham but over ten years ago this commentator it's to chill the fuck out
is it just me or does frank lampard look like david tennant ? 
gol .. lampard !! westham 0-3 chelsea 
essien on for hazard . 
essien on - hazard off for chelsea
chelsea fans are singing " is there a fire drill ?" at the empty west ham stands . 
calm down , chelsea is winning
west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
lampard again <3 _ <3 
cmon chelsea and arsenal has won now only need man utd to win
chelsea are destroying west ham 
just found out that my order for chelsea at 1.8 ( 4/5 ) was eventually taken prior . to the first goal :o )
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . 
diz z gon b cech's 200 clean sheets for chelsea only if d game stayz like dis
3 for chelsea !!! nice one lampard 
lampard scores again , thats whats up . its 3-0 . 
i don't hate chelsea ; i just don't like the team .
chelsea vs westham on one tv . #1dday on the other .
chelsea on fire .. already 3 -0 in 83 mins :d
goalll lagi lagi super frank lampard ( y ) 3-0 
west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ' 82 lampard
very classy of lampard to kids the chelsea badge after scoring against the side that have him his chance !
frank celebrates by kissing the chelsea badge . beautiful . 😘
chelsea look a much better side with mikel
chelsea goal !!!! score !!! can't believe this 
chelsea is kicking west ham's ass i love it
i hate supporting westham , we need to sort it out , we been shit from the start of the season , we are in big trouble .
yes essien !!! first premier league apperance since being back at chelsea
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . 
ok chelsea no more goals .
 great goal by go chelsea :)
the one time you want chelsea to be shit 😒
goal west ham 0 chelsea 3 lampard
3-0 chelsea at upton park . lampard with his second , matched at 22.0 for £59 to score two or more against his old team .
goollll ... now frank lampard again and again , come on chelsea we want three points ," super frankiee "...
great goal lamps . 3-0 to chelsea . 
lampard with the third goal ! chelsea is dominating this game !
so it's a 5/5 for lampard against westham
absolute vintage . vintage lamps . kisses the badge . burn westham fans . 
golazo de lampard ! west ham united 0-3 chelsea .
chelsea subs : essien in for hazard 84 ' west ham 0-3 chelsea 
chelsea 3 west hammered 0 , stroll in the park for chelsea
mikel is the glue that holds this chelsea team together .
go chelsea ! as always u r d bst !
chelsea subs : hazard off - essien on . 
whatever is said about john terry you have to admit he puts himself on the line every game and is a class above any chelsea defender
chelsea sub : essien on hazard off 
chelsea goal !
gooaaaallll !! lampard makes it , 82 ' west ham 0 - chelsea 3 .
lampard get his second . 3-0 for chelsea
goool del chelsea ... lampard
goool lampard , chelsea 3 - west ham united | good job 
great win for chelsea ! 
chelsea goall !
dear chelsea fans , is lampard still a liability ??
goal ! its lampard again ! drives it into the bottom corner with his right foot . west ham 0-3 chelsea 82 '
chelsea sub : hazard off - essien on
and again ! our legend score his second goal on the game . 3-0 chelsea lead .
lampard kissing d chelsea badge will only add venom to d bite he has given west ham !! 
super frank lampard ! 3-0 to the blues and a sure 3 points ! he and john terry are still two of chelsea's best + jt is massively underrated .
super frankie it is ... goooaaal fc
was such a nice finish , chelsea played well , west ham are awful
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . 
a chelsea win makes everyone happy .
essien is about making his first premier league appearance this season . 
essien now plays 7 minutes plus added time for chelsea ..... how time flies
we can see you , we can see you , we can see you sneaking out 
hazard is still my fav chelsea player
lampard lagi bro =)) 3-0 207 gol for chelsea super frankie lampard
now whu 0-3 chelsea 
please continue . i think you're really cool and i'm sure you'll be on made in chelsea soon
that fat cunt frank lampard kisses the chelsea badge when scores cunt !
west ham blow bubbles but they're certainly being blown away by the chelsea 
sub eden hazard is the latest to depart for chelsea - michael essien his replacement 
gol ! de lampard a los 82 ', el chelsea le gana 3-0 al west ham united
lampard is my favourite player for chelsea that has ever worn the shirt 
substitution for chelsea hazard off essien on 
i stacked jussi jaaskelainen and joey o'brien against chelsea . foolish .
chelsea set to go third on goal difference , still four points off arsenal at the top .
85 ' chelsea sub : hazard off , essien on .
super frankie is unbelievable ! not a chelsea fan but that man is a legend .
frank lampard is a motherfreaking legend !!!! thank you frank ' super frank ' lampard !!!!! gooooo chelsea ! 
essien ! first appearance of the season :) 
chelsea substitution : eden hazard off , michael essien on 
 0-3 lampard
glory hunting chelsea fans about
ayeee lampard againnn :d 
chelsea putting it away for 3rd 
chelsea's roadrage >>>>>
need a westham goal here
frank lampard is a big donkey and chelsea irritate's me .
all black players are coming on for chelsea .
nice chelsea ..
frank lampard wraps up the game for , scored his second of the game & the third for the blues 3 - 0 at boleyn ground . 
incisive . just loves playing at uptonpark . put to the sword by 
chelsea 3 west ham 0 .. let's go blues ..
lampsyyyyyy :') <3 he belongs to chelsea !!!!!!
chelsea's last sub hazard off - essien on
why have i got a lump on ...... super chelsea fc just to rub it in fat arse frank nailed the last one .... oh my daiz
goal !!! 82 ' frank lampard gets a brace as chelsea extend their lead against goal-shy west hammer united .
increible don frank . chelsea 3-0 west ham
chelsea my love ..
the bison makes his first appearance of the season for chelsea fc
lampaaaarrrrd !!! now chelsea leading 3-0 !! 
goool de lampard !!! west ham 0-3 chelsea
west ham 0-3 chelsea lampard oscar lampard
ivanovic for chelsea week in week out is a great player 
chelsea match is proper boring
* turns off tv and gets ready to go to pub * 
this chelsea jersey sha fine oo
chelsea bursting bubbles tonight !
chelsea subs : hazars out - essien in 
 all excited and waiting with the kids . meanwhile go chelsea ! 
lovely sight for chelsea fans . the bison essien on , making his first league appearance of the season . 24 3-0 chelsea .
lampard is that nigga 
super strike by super frank ! fantastic ! west ham united 0-3 chelsea .. 82mins ! 
chelsea ...... love this club die
chelsea subs : hazard out - essien in 
waiting on chelsea to pay my next few nights out . 😂 
chelsea above liverpool by gd .
eeeeiiii essien is on for chelsea
how to demolish your healthy eating : 2 mince pies , a chelsea bun the size of italy , butter & marmalade on toast , bacon crisps and a burger .
chelsea fans <<<<< tbh
think 14/15 season could a fight for promotion 
well at this rate chelsea have won me £20👌😃
lampard again !!!!! 3 goals for chelsea
mata is wasted talent sat on the bench . cant see him staying at chelsea
come on chelsea xx
 get rid of fucking allardyce i've been saying it for fucking months , the guys a cunt
no a fan of chelsea but respect to frank lampard . to score that many goals from midfield is incredible and he's still doing it 
couldnt be anymore wrong , chelsea have surprised me , played well , good to see lamps get 2 more goals !
chelsea scored again 3-0
so happy im wearing the chelsea kit lol
gol del chelsea . repite lampard . a los 37st . west ham 0 chelsea 3 .
arsenal ✔ newcastle ✔ galatasaray ✔ chelsea ✔ plus que benfica , juventus et rome
legend of the game ! the best chelsea player ever ! the best midfielder of his generation ! frank lampard nets his brace 
essien makes his first pl appearance dor chelsea
did i just see someone say raul miereles is one of the favourite ex chelsea players ... my goodness , he got hated on
i don't expect a win against chelsea , but when i see a gutless performance with no passion and pride , it just takes the piss ! 
chelsea #3points 💙
another sub by chelsea . essien replacing hazard in the match .
 chelsea#
we are chelsea !!!!! 
how did hazard manage to play football and film the transformers movies at the same time ? 
looking so much better tonight ! so glad lampard got the contract extension !
chelsea 3 ! oh yeah !!
lampard again . chelsea 3-0 west ham .
his old club/side to make it west ham 0 chelsea 1 in actually what i forgot to mention several times or a few times
and lampard wraps it up !! that's 3 points for chelsea ! 
if only i could bottle the despair in the upton park stadium announcer's voice as he read : " chelsea goalscorer - number 8 , frank lampard ."
super duper frank lampard ... chelsea 3-0 ..
fucking get in chelsea :) ♥
chelsea wins me £80 . happy days
i dislike chelsea intensely . i dislike arsenal equally intensely . i also dislike west ham a lot . why am i so filled with hatred and vitriol ?
but chelsea
lampard's second makes it west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . he was 16/1 to score a brace .. did anyone back him ?!
good luck ♡♥ madrid , chelsea
i love chelsea i love squads chelsea 2013
lampard makes it 3-0 . as one sided as they come this match . crazy as well by kissing the chelsea badge being a former player 
so chelsea wins it .. i just dont want united to win tomorrow ,, proper cunts ,, 
 in come on mourinho . lampard to #10 role mikel and essien holding mids i mastered the game . 
i like more every game .. they officially take over man city as my favorite team in the 
chelsea handled that one while somehow not giving up a goal with some weak play in their final third .
lampard scores again !!! 206th goal for chelsea !!! 3-0 !!!
chelsea are too good , we can't complain about this
solid performance from chelsea👌
know what chelsea manning's problem was . she didn't market her brand , get herself out there , shop those docs around . monetize ! 
chelsea will move up to 3rd in the table with today's win 
3-0 come on chelsea 
these fucking muppets beat us . at home . 3-0 . marvellous 
west ham really gettin washed tho 
this is chelsea indonesia supporters club together we can ! we love you , chelsea ! ‘ till our dying dying day !
" goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . "
chelsea up 3-0 in the 84th minute . making me 2-0 on my soccer picks for the day .
in other new lampard score his 2nd goal !!!!!! chelsea 3-0 whu
im smiling so hard i cant eat my mandarin life with chelsea nutbrown
hazard ! 3-0 gwarn chelsea 
west ham 0-3 chelsea hammers are doomed
also the chelsea performance off the ball has been second to none
after a good passage of play , it's game over for west ham as a third goal for chelsea goes in , much to learn from tonight 
goooooolllll lampard , 3-0 for chelsea :)
i hope mourinho stays till the end of his manager career . he is chelsea .
substitution again for chelsea ! michael essien replaces eden hazard !
that's when chelsea fans will be making noise nw
 wining matches like this gives me the believe that jose's chelsea can win the league , they know how to grind out result
so fustrating being a westham supporter
goool de lampard , 0-3 el chelsea
i love chelsea
chelsea win 
are chelsea really winning 3-0 ? the tl is too dead rn for that score
this ' blues brothers ' pish is horrible , neither chelsea nor their fans give a fuck about rangers .
lampard scores again and bison comes out for a stroll . woo hoo 
lampard again . chelsea 3-0 west ham .
lampard is back in action ! 
ayyee ! michael essien appearance . 
as much as i hate chelsea , i still love frank lampard 
haha lampard shows his respect to west ham fan's by kissing chelsea logo in front of them . 
westham are shit at defending 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
looks like chelsea got their " champions of europe " mojo back . 
50 . p on west ham chelsea draw , 500/1 
 - you're incredible ! 
i love chelsea
fuck all these chelsea players .. i only watch their game cos of eva .. she's all i always wanna see
beautiful celebration by super frank lampard by kissing the chelsea badge 
essien has long been my favorite chelsea player
the moment i say lampard has done nothing special to start he goes and bang in goals and make me cover my face lol .. 
thank you chelsea got my last coupon up 👌
walked into the house and my moms watching the chelsea game
is there anything more dire than watching chelsea play ?
good to see essien back in the premier league in a chelsea shirt , great player and a chelsea legend 
fgs chelsea
i love when my weekend starts with a chelsea win ! 
chelsea fans so happy like arsenal loosed ... hey we won 2_o pls
hate to say it but glad chelsea have just scored . at least west ham are as bad as us !
mata loves chelsea so much , he won't want to leave . it's so horrible seeing mourinho leave him on the bench every week .
chelsea is winning too , fuck k
goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea .
good result for chelsea 
chelsea subs : hazard off - essien on . 
 has no mercy for 
lampard is a true chelsea great ~
you can't always watch on the but when you can they always concede 3 .
frank lampard kissing the chelsea crest after scoring at west ham , 
thank you chelsea . now i sleep
the gunners the pace setters , chelsea starting to look like potential champions . any1 slaggin off lfc result needs to take a look in ....
now time to watch chelsea
half of chelsea fans were the kids who picked to support them because ' they win all the time '
okay now im so sure that chelsea will win so i'll be watching 
am loving chelsea right now .
infact since i started watching this season hav never seen the team so well balanced like today . totaly bossed this game 
essien comin on haha , still my favourite chelsea player even if he barely ever plays
shittt chelsea are on same gd as us n points ffsss
west hammers getting hammered . 
goal ! west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard )
come on mr. allardyce put your own head in goal so chelsea don't get a 4th goal and go second .
so what if he kissed the chelsea badge in front of his old club ? he left back in 2001 and since then it's 207 and counting ... 
michael essien 5 it's been a long time . 
chelsea u always piss me off !!!!!!! @
as chelsea deals ...
last subs for chelsea : hazard off , essien on 
watching chelsea here , i get envious of real fans of the big teams . must be great to watch a team u love play like that and win most weeks .
goooooal ! frank lampard 81 ' chelsea 3-0 westham united
that size had me more excited than the fact that chelsea's win .
goooooaaaallll ! west ham 0-3 chelsea ! lampaaaaaaaard 💙
lampard too hot to handle for westham making it 3-0 for the blues 
what to cut : calls to shed debt-burdened fannie , freddie for him and chelsea and stories are nonsense , he goes nowhere ,
chelsea just dominated this game
 hates ha ha ha 
all time favourite player from chelsea is lamps
frankie fuckin legend ! 
chelsea ain't gonna win shit this year barely beat us 3-0 lol 2 mistakes could be worse and them support west ham
frank lampard make it 0-3 . he kiss the chelsea badge . what a breaking heart moment .
chelsea taking the piss now , pikeys filing out in droves now , even though they've been going for a while now .
there are five facets of football . chelsea have been excellent at all of them . 3-0
super frank with another goal for chelsea .. 
frank has now scored 5 times in his last 5 epl appearances against westham 
good job om lampard 
i hate chelsea . she screen shotted that picture
chelsea makin ganass ..
subbed : oscar is off for schurrle ! 83minutes gone ! westham 0:3 
goallll !! lampard again :) chelsea leads 3-0
i didn't realise had a live training game on tv today ?!?! 
great win by chelsea fc . lampard is a god .
goal frank lampard 83 mnuts west ham united - chelsea 0-3
chelsea blue and white army
the bison is coming on for chelsea . fascinating . good to see him back . hope he gets some much needed match time .
west ham 0-3 chelsea lampard goall
super frank !!! west ham 0 - chelsea 3 
while chelsea scored their third . 3-0 for chelsea .
smh westham foh
essien <3 cutest chelsea player ever 
chelsea let's mk it 4 to move 2nd
chelsea ona madone
chelsea vs . whu ... with some hot chocolate ;)
united need to try and get mata in january coz he aint playing at chelsea !
lampard scores the 3rd goal to make it west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea fc in the 83rd minute , surely 3 points and 3 goals
and thats chelsea , no noise , winning is not negotiable . blue is the colour football is the game
missing the chelsea game that's finally on tv 😭
o boi ... chelsea dey rape this guys die !
niggaz watching chelsea/westham game over dortmund/bayern game . what is wrong with you ?
the capitulation from a ' false 9 ' 3-0 win over spurs to the 3-0 mauling by chelsea is the true west ham story !
fuck chelsea
 chelsea should have kept onto avb #10thingsimustdobeforeidie leave a bag in an airport un
i barely noticed essien went back to chelsea lol .
chelseeeeeaaaaaaaaaa . westhampton 0 - 3 chelsea 
 west ham united 0-3 chelsea . goles de frank lampard x 2 y oscar .
watching west ham vs chelsea .
essien the forgotten star comes on for chelsea
its time to go now a great win tonight ! important 3 points .. 💙
shouldve put a tenner on chelsea and byern
have they become bored of chelsea dagger and moved on to the proclaimers ?
another goal for chelsea will put them above us on goal difference
 
subs : chelsea : hazard off - essien in . 
but de chelsea
this is what i'm talking about chelsea !!! blues for live .
come on chelsea that's what i like to see
well when you give a team like chelsea 2 goals what do you expect , new stadium with no one in it and playing in the championship
 could've scored with his first touch on that chelsea possession .
chelsea me say !!!!!
only chelsea boy in the whole pub !! love it !!!!!!!!!
fucking hate frank lampard should not be kissing the chelsea badge stupid cunt .
pretty obvious that will leave in january . seems insanity that this is even a possibility ?
" goal ! lampard . 3-0 to chelsea . "
chelsea game done ? i stopped watching
sure thing . chelsea cruising to their first away win of the season . west ham agonisingly poor
1-0 v chelsea ... just plain unlucky .
gol ke 207 frank lampard bersama chelsea . 
i swear borussia and chelsea cannot win on the same day . just never happening .
flowery and productive football could only be produced by chelsea .
this chelsea game is beautiful . 
one more goal chelsea ! 😩
chelsea could be winning 6-0 tbh
that play in the box☺ :p
luv chelsea much much
dont think arsenal deserved the win today . should of really been a draw . good chelsea performance though .
chelsea game
wish the commentators would stop going on about frank lampard , " the former west ham man ." !!! 
i hate chelsea with a passion .
fantastic chelsea support ! 
#1ddaylive love you guys it's chelsea and erica's birthday today give us a shoutout please love you like crazy mofos ! <3 ;)
lampard is back to kissing the chelsea badge , is this to spite the west ham fans ?
goool lampard whu 0-3 chelsea good superlamps :)
keep calm and love chelsea
idgaf who scored on the west ham v chelsea but my dad screamed and scared the shit out of me and i fell on my bum ow
chelsea to , that's how it's done son , that's how it's done !
hammers look poor or chelsea look good ?
4 defensive midfielders ??? 
how good would it have been if bison had scored from his second touch and coming in a few seconds ago . awesome . 
attempts : west ham 6-20 chelsea .
attempts : west ham 6 chelsea 20
chelsea heading to 3rd in the table , west ham united heading to the championship 
chelsea for live !!!
chelsea kicking ass
in my own opinion guardiola is better than mourinho .. i'm a chelsea fan buh dat cannot justify blindness .
last season chelsea lose west ham 3-1 now 0-3
3 points for chelsea , 2nd place .
west ham vs chelsea or dortmund vs b . munich or almeria vs real madrid 
its chelsea's and lampardo's night bitches ... !
west ham chelsea still going on ? lol
chelsea just finish already i want my money .
gol 
always nice seeing michael essien playing for 
250 app for chelsea . 
chelsea 3-0 wesham gol de lampard min 81
frank lampard showed he loves chelsea than his youth club 
lierin and chelsea have done a great job with making me fall in love with raleigh
i think lampard would be the best chelsea's legend ever .. you can't stop him .. 
chelsea chelsea chelsea ! lampard lampard lampard ! 
my future team is getting spanked by chelsea .
ffs westham
west ham created lampard , chelsea made him who he is today , so shut your pikey mouths ☺️
clearly chelsea a big side
good job chelsea !! keep it coming
sounds like the chelsea game is a good one !
5 in 5 against westham for frank
west ham 0 chelsea 3 . three points in the bag "
lampard cost chelsea £11m , bale cost real madrid £85m .... will leave it at that ...
* corrected tweet * can chelsea score another goal so we can move to 2nd place ? please and thank you
goal west ham 0-3 chelsea ( 82 mins) . a second for frank lampard as he sweeps home from just inside the penalty area 
chelsea and arsenal won , crap .
west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ? how can it be ? hahahaha
essien starts the counter attack and finishes it with a shot straight at jaaskelinen . still 3-0 , chelsea heading for 3rd .
they call him the !!!! 
250th chelsea appearance for essien . 👏👏👏
absolutely woeful saturday ... a chelsea win is the light at the end of the tunnel .
207 , chelsea all time top scorer ! 8 it's lampard ! !
that was a lovely counter attack by chelsea
west ham have been shocking , no striker vs chelsea , yh that makes sense
chelsea need 1 more goal to go second
 : lampard goal again 82'!! west ham 0-3 chelsea 207goals ~
let's face it though chelsea have been much better than us and we are fucking dire
it takes chelsea fans until the 85th min , 3-0 up and a empty stadium to make some noise ! such shite support ! 
it is so good to see chelsea playing well , especially in november ! 
shout out to michael essien who makes his 250th chelsea appearance . what a guy !
sub eden hazard is the latest to depart for chelsea - michael essien his replacement . 
chelsea are completely dominating the match 
and finally , this looks a definite 3points for chelsea . more of this selection , jose ! 
super frankie lampard loves chelsea and we love him for that !
thankyou chelsea £££
i like it for chelsea
chelsea will win
goal attempts tonight westham 6- 20 chelsea . 
go chelsea fight for us :d
goal !!! chelsea 3 - 0 west ham lampard ( 81 ) super lamps brace ! legend !!!
westham at home and they've had no shots on target fucking shit
west ham are getting destroyed by chelsea .
goooooaaaallll ! west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampaaaaaaaard !
west ham you are bloody rubbish !!!! 
nice one chelsea .
i'm blocking all d chelsea fans on my tl ☹
goals attempt ! chelsea 20 west ham 6 
fair play to lamps at chelsea 
anyone up for charlton away next season ? 
west ham v chelsea . big london derby my fast arse .
watching chelsea win at a west hams fans house sick
250th appearance for michael essien for chelsea . -asa
earliest ive ever left from a westham match loool
this west ham/chelsea game is stressing me out
chelsea played good ?
lampard ! 207 goals ! 3-0 for chelsea ! 
no shots on target at home poor westham lol :(
yay chelsea ! taking the rail replacement bus to whitechapel then the district line to fulham broadway with all three points .
had a fiver on chelsea 3-0 and 4-0 . don't let west ham bag thanks
chelsea subs : hazard off - essien on . 
lampard kisses the chelsea badge . beautiful .
chelsea's best performance of the season so far . hazard and oscar are the best two combo in the league . 
i genuinely think he's a millwall fan 
chelsea away support needs a medal ! been immense
super frank 3 - 0 jose send out mata
an easy one for chelsea
come on west ham , don't let chelsea score again
come on chelsea . one more please .
came home to see chelsea is 3 up at west brom , woohoo
essien last scored for chelsea 3years ago
shoot on target : west ham united 6 - 20 chelsea fc ! 
1 more goal and we're second . come on chelsea
this is so easy for :)
i stopped watching that game after that 1st mistake
live epl 82 min gone , goal ! west ham 0-3 chelsea ( oscar 33 ' ) ( lampard , penalty 20 ' 80 ' )
wow wow wow supporters so loud
to be fair , this has been rather an easy days work for chelsea . don't change it jose , lampard looks like his old self
one more to second place mighty blues 
gladys shollei comes on for oscar ... its chelsea 2-0 
shots on target . chelsea fc - 8 . west ham united 0 . 
chelsea and psg won , now watching the real madrid game , la clippers game later on followed on by pacquiao's fight ... me : leeeeeaaave it yh !
waiting for chinese takeaway while watching chelsea v west ham @ lively crowd real fire and good ales 
it's becoming harder and harder to tell fans . gdnt .
how's the madrid , chelsea , & dortmund game going ?
chelsea noob dow gentle ah
 is tha team
chelsea again omg up chelseaaaaaaaaaa
i fuckin hate chelsea bruuh but , frank lampard will forever be my favorite epl player !!!!!
and i hate hate chelsea with a passion , that is all .
so now i'm missing the chelsea nd the dortmund vs bayern game kmt ☹
chelsea still to win the league for me
cruel !!! chelsea putting the sword into their feeder club :((((
so we met smokey last night & chelsea yiked him . lol
86 ' 34,977 spectators at the boleyn ground today with chelsea 3 goals ahead 
chelsea smashed it ! 3-0 
" he left coz ' your shit , he left coz your shiiiiiit , frankie lampard , he left coz ' your shit 
3 - 0 chelsea leading
cesar , mikel , frank in fact all chelsea take bow .
let's not have another i got 3-0
think for just a minute about lukaku playing for everton , why should he be allowed to destroy teams other than chelsea 
207 goals for frank lampard since he plays for chelsea
hello pinkie boys ? are you watching ? just only one team in london . fuck off westham !
west ham will equalize ... who will bet with me ? it's currently west ham 0 - 3 chelsea .
chelsea 3-0 westham ok my team is killin it
dominated by chelsea
chelsea fc we don't need to concede any goal today . .
for we are the chelsea and we are the best , we are the chelsea so fuck all the rest
20 attempts for chelsea , 6 for westham
tonight is chelsea night !!
solid chelsea performance . well done u blues ! 
under 17 world cup star kelechi iheanacho has told his dad ( agent ) he wishes to join porto , while his dad wants chelsea or manchester city .
arsenal watch and learn ... hehehehehe from chelsea ... ^em
frank lampard : a proper chelsea legend who was bought for £11m . what an absolute bargain ! 
chelsea needs to score another goal to go second !
lampard has no respect . expected from a chelsea player
looks like chelsea is winning . so gdnight then . i'm sleepy . ciao
unless mata is being saved for mid-week champs league .... but for crying out loud mata should be on the pitch . sigh . 
chelsea up 3-0 . we're still 2nd in the table i should think .
menit ' 85 whu 0-3 chelsea ( lampard - oscar - lampard ) 
chelsea now have four defensive mids on the field . call it unorthodox , but it's working .
yesss chelsea supporters cheers and roars can be heard clearly on top of the silent whu fans 
its been 3years since essien scored for chelsea
:' d nyukile iblood pressure ka sam allardyce chelsea 3-0 west ham 
only si mira sorang yang menyalak for chelsea kt tl today ? where are the other ? hello blues ?
you would have to be mad to take out of your 
what's that about chelsea having poor results
chelsea 3-0 westham ! 
lampard with 2 goals and chelsea with the win
#1dday watching 1d + chelsea game at the same time
seeing chelsea play with mikel , ramires and lampard makes me believe even more than anderson , cleverley and carrick would have worked .
that westham coach lol is he blowing bubbles ??? lmao
impressive tonight chelsea !!
game . set . match . chelsea fc . 
 well i'll be the first to say it , west ham are going down and i completely blame allardyce , doesn't have a fucking scooby
chelsea completely destroyed west ham . lampard with 2 goals , oscar with 1 and it looks like it's going to finish west ham 0-3 chelsea 
2-0 to chelsea soz dad
number 2 from super frank against his old enemy hahahaha 3-0 
chelsea are shit
this chelsea needs to turn up more often . hopefully with time they will
' 85'live ' west ham 0-3 chelsea ; sub che ... hazard out , essien in
sick of hearing ' difficult times for westham ' think we know that who cares , still going to finish 6th this season
 again i repeat , ! ah tog !!!!!
chelsea !!!!! watch us climb to the top 
chelsea hold on . don't concede today as i need points 
chelsea 3 - 0 west ham !!, doblete de frank lampard !!! :o
oh i didn't realize chelsea scored .. 3-0
chelsea seems to be better than i thought
frank lampard's second of the night makes it west ham 0-3 chelsea . game over ! that should be enough to get back to second on the log .
worst west ham game i've been in ages , chelsea fans are cunts , west ham are shit , lampard is a fat cunt , fuming .
havin a great day so far . went 2 denny's fa breakfast . got my nails done an now i'm home watchin my chelsea win .
westham never stood a chance
super frank west ham 0-3 chelsea ( y )
chelsea doesn't wanna let liverpool be great :(
chelsea should sit their asses in third place don't get too carried away people
#1ddaylive my name is chelsea and that's harry's middle name duh
the final change from chelsea -> essien on for hazard . :)
we play city away on boxing day , then have chelsea away three days later ?? sweet jesus
need a clean sheet badly ! cmmon chelsea ! 
lampard giving it loads with chelsea crest against the side that brought him through . not to mention his papa . classy bastard .
one more goal & chelsea comes up second on the log
chelsea is winning and i can't watch the game :(
chelsea seems like a big bad side , with a big bad coach & nuff guns 
west ham didn't " make " lampard , west ham abused him as their own player and forced him out of the club . chelsea made lampard
chelsea thank you !! 4ever
ima miss chelsea the most , thats my day 1 for 4 years , ima cry the last time i see her yall just dont understand how much she means to me ..
chelsea and mourinho can piss off
frank lampard doubled it 3 goals for chelsea
85 ' west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea .... mantappp
just won £ 165.30 on the football today , thank you 💷💷💷💷
chelsea have had a great game
westham can't even score a goal in front of their home fans 
goal !!! 82 ' frank lampard gets a brace as chelsea extend their lead against goal-shy west hammer united ."
brilliant performance . been callin it for ages t play mikel n get lamps pushed further forward . 2 goals for him 
chelsea on merciless crushing mode tonight . 3 -0whu
this is michael essien's 250th game for chelsea . 
 westham#
chelsea played well 3-0 .
chelsea physio eva carneiro is hot . i'd always be getting injured haha 😏
chelsea destroyed , was west ham always this hopeless ?
and super frank is our motm 
85 min remember , another goal and chelsea wil go second in the table . as it stands they will only be going third .
lovley wee 3 points for chelsea x
chelsea and bayern double lands !
westham have had loads of shots on target ;)
chelsea is whooping some a
gooolll lagi .. go chelsea go chelsea ...
a win for chelsea sadly , no cheating this week though so theres a positive .
west ham 0-3 chelsea ( 82 mins) . a second for frank lampard as he sweeps home from just inside the penalty area
wins for whitletts , ayr and now chelsea plus chazz gets her black belt 
the academy of football my arse , come on chelsea 
chelsea fans are so wank its funny . 
love you blues !!!! yes please chelsea you animals !!
fantastic game chelsea !!
yes chelsea 3 point sarrry west ham skr skr skr
i accidentally just chelsea'ed autumn . 
hate how i can't watch the chelsea games on tv 😑😒
sacraments bring with them the clearest promises , and represent official chelsea account and saying we've sold mata ,,,
no one can stop us now fc
yes franky ! 
1 more goal chelsea please ...
attempts whu 6 - 18 chelsea .. on target whu 0 - 8 chelsea
easy win for chelsea
come on chelsea ! 1 more goal !
what a goal lampard ! he love chelsea , he really do .
wat a terrific display by da blues at dis moment .... chelsea 
can always rely on west ham to try to spoil my weekend , well it aint gonna happen , going out for a night of ska and reggae 
goaaaaall lampard !!! westham 0 - 3 chelsea
with no recognised strikers on for west ham you can't say you shocked they've had no shots on target and are losing 0-3 to chelsea .
mehn i just don't like chelsea !! 
i need one more from u chelsea !!
ohhh essien missed a wonderful sitter . me don't know essien is still at chelsea . used 2 be a wonderful player at chelsea who barca fears ..
the green street hooligans must be so amped to fuck chelsea fans ( firm ) up right now ...
chelsea no . 1 at malaysia trends 
can't expect to beat chelsea but you can expect to put up a fight
no shots on target no fans on the 85th min enjoy championship football in the olympic stadium westham 
ahhh fuck chelsea whoss topppp
lampard kissing the chelsea badge against his former club , at his old home ground . 
could of done with chelsea dropping some points really . but west ham losing will do me
regardless of the fact he's never quite fulfilled his original potential it's always fantastic to see essien in a chelsea shirt .
* chelsea away fans appreciation tweet *
lamps is a chelsea and england legend though . no man can deny it .
west ham - chelsea 0 - 3 lampard 21 str oscar 34 lampard 82
if chelsea scores a 4th goal , they will go straight into 2nd position .. if it remains 3 goals .. chelsea will be in third position
semua fans west ham pulang tedah hahaha chelsea fc win the game yeayy
win , lose or draw . chelsea till a die !! keep the blue flag flying high
fc chelsea !.. waiting on chiefs for the win
chelsea back on track
chelsea i actually love you
expert analysis : having lampard and ramires further up the pitch works better for chelsea . also , west ham isn't good .
chelsea have not been rampant west ham have just been poor , how long has big sam got ?
go chelsea !!!
and its another bullet from non other but lampard . v 
whys westham fans blaming maiga ? we've been terrible back to front sherep
at best wh chelski should be 1-1 
make silly mistakes against this chelsea side and you get punished ! simple
chelsea pride of london
good evening children of god ! congratulation to fans for a wonderful and sweet victory . west ham 0-3 chelsea .
good chelsea's game today super franck !
chelsea are absolutely killing west ham tonight ! 
too worried about chelsea result but couldn't afford to go . what a bunch of 
realy wanna go watch chelsea !
as a chelsea fan , it's hard to get excited by this . west ham have been that bad . 
westham are crap haha , no shots on target and had like 20% possession to chelseas 70 something possession . 
very well played chelsea
hey bayern fan ! who devoloped robben ? oh yes its chelsea !!
" frank has now scored 5 times in his last 5 epl appearances against westham "
why did chelsea let go of arjen robben again ?
chelsea dominant here . wouldn't be surprised if they get a 4th . 0-3 87m
chelsea fans are so bad
stroll in the park for chelsea 
well done chelsea .
can't believe i had 4-0 chelsea today with oscar first goal ... will be livid if they score again ! fat fucking frank ! 😡
the midfield looks like a blast from the past ... mikel , lamps and bison . good or bad ? 
ah we knew it was a relegation season scrap after the norwich game . 0-3 at home is a disgrace no matter who you are facing 
£220 coming my way get in chelsea !! 
lampard amplia , west ham 0-3 chelsea .
essien is on of my favourite chelsea players , pure class
it's early in the season but sadly not too early for to find themselves in a relegation fight . sa seems clueless without carroll .
he learnt that shit at chelsea , arjen !!
arsenal/southampton lost , everton draw still yet to play chelsea and spurs 
 great win tonight back on the winning trail helped that west ham are shite
westham u r so crap
come chelsea put d icing on d cake ya nw
on the positive side those chelsea shirts look shit
chelsea were clazz iswell nd oscar 
goal !!! 82 ' frank lampard gets a brace ass chelsea extend their lead against goal-shy west hammer united . a crazy mehn !!!!
chelsea winning !!!
this is the perfect away performance from chelsea , they have been class tonight
finally a decent game from chelsea . #3 -0 
chelsea main defend dohh
and to think that almost got rid of before this season started ... 
chelsea can score more gol ! it will made chelsea 2nd of the tableeeeeee
i wonder if chelsea came back lastnight ? 😳😂
west ham looking really poor ... andy carroll coming back from injury won't help them ... chelsea been lethal on the counter
mata is def leaving chelsea in january
yeahh chelsea dah 3 come on 
yass chelsea that's what i like to see
get in 3nil chelsea super frank ! ⚽
far and away chelsea's easiest game of the season .
chelsea 3-0 west ham . game over ! hehehe . 3 points baby , 3 points .
always a nice feeling seeing west ham get filled in at home . even if it is chelsea 
robben is such a quality player these days , chelsea could've saved themselves a lot of dollar if they'd kept hold of him .
everton v liverpool today showed everyone how great a derby game can be ! chelsea are currently dominating the hammers .
bring on the millwall 
west ham fans clueless if they are calling for sam to go . do they seriously think they should be beating chelsea !?
it's 0-3 now . u know why ? cuz it's chelsea !!
chelsea killing west ham u . 3 - 0 
keep going chelsea .. so i win my first bet
under 17 world cup star kelechi iheanacho has told his dad ( agent ) he wishes to join porto , while his dad wants chelsea or manchester city .
chelsea at it's best , lampard 2 goals , oscar 1 goal 3-0 
loosing 3-0 and the westham are still singing💯
1 more goal and chelsea move into 2nd !!! 
chelsea fans are so wank its funny . 
chelsea stay lien to me 😡😡
frank has now scored 5 times in his last 5 epl appearances against westham 
chelsea have played some beautiful football
i don't care if he is 100 years old ... super frank must always start for chelsea !!!
i wish chelsea could play like this all the time
i hate chelsea . chelsea scum chelsea scum .
chelsea shots on target 8 . west ham shots on target 0 . 
250 caps 4 chelsea .. essien 5
hamilton 0 dundee 3 , west ham 0 chelsea 3 . a good day , nice symmetry .
boleyn ground is falling down falling down , boleyn ground is falling down , with chelsea 
boring soton lost , chelsea won and dortmund are beaten at home by bayern munich
jack might get his chelsea prediction right !
westham are so shit
cheating chelsea scum makes it 2-0 to bayern . quality finish .
my dad calls to remind me ka chelsea yeh right (- -)
watching football hasn't been as boring to watch as i used to think it was 
i want mata in but i can see the logic behind essein getting his 250th game in chelsea colours
y did chelsea sell robben xef .....
wots the chelsea score#
willian with his chelsea shirt , pic , twitter , comndtbbaycwor something else , dolores , or something , or spanish jacky ,
chelsea's first win in november since 2011
i hate chelsea
what a performance by chelsea today 3-0 win over west ham
chelsea winning am not worried arsenal tops the bpl log !
think mata may be on his way in january 😢 
chelsea 3 up !
sam allardyce has no clue .. 
that noise isn't chelsea fans , it's the 860,000 dortmund fans over in the ruhr . 
still . we're not competing with chelsea .
chelsea fans=glory supporting scum
being forced to watch football chelsea is winning by 3 points
chelsea have played ridiculously well today
chelsea tied for second 👏
just like the old days with essien back in chelsea .
3-0 down and still out singing chelsea 
few things that bring as much joy for me as essien back in a chelsea shirt and on the pitch . 
how the fuck is demba ba earning a wage at chelsea wow
this is truly embarrassing . maiga has to be one of the worst forwards i've seen in a claret and blue shirt . 
in chelsea i trust
damn it is winning off 2 bed
mourinho doesn't know what he's doing they said . defensive team they said . we can't score they said . chelsea will drop points they said 
its been a walk in the park for chelsea today . upton park that is .
west ham united-chelsea 0-3 
it's a long season , wish all chelsea fans moaning about mata not playing would shut up . he will play when the time is right . it's not matafc
chelsea is puttin in some work on west ham . 3-0
 3-0 what a control you have
the chelsea shirt looks like a french one .
dang~ chelsea , bayern and real madrid match in the same time - . -
at least chelsea is winning ... 
chelsea and bayern win today couldn't be fkn better👌
1 more and that should be 2nd place , liverpool +11 chelsea +8 will be +12
goooolll !!!! 82 ' lampard . . west ham 0-3 chelsea 
sounded like we didn't even turn up today - think i will give motd a miss tonight !! oh well chelsea next week hopefully we will do better !!
fucking hate chelsea fc✊😤
pour it up , pour it up , watch how the goals fall out ..... 
lampard kissing the chelsea badge in front of where it all started for him is a step too far , lost any respect i've had for him now 
west ham united 0-3 chelsea
the special one should be happy with chelsea's perfomance tonight .
chelsea n madrid menang yeahhh ...
chelsea score 3 ... bvb like dem gine hold 3 too 
lool the last time chelsea won in the month of november was 2011
who even plays a formation against any club let alone chelsea with no fucking striker ?!!!!!! fucking fuming cunt prick twat , always said this
chelsea bayern double . easy money .
chelsea love !!!
the way my baby lamps answers his critics eh , kai i can't even love him enough ( only one super frankie ) team chelsea
chelsea contenders ? 4th at best ...
watching the chelsea-westham game kwa tl .
chelsea will killin it !
on a serious note tho if u love your pops don't let him be a chelsea fan . dey'll jus kill him for you
lampard is still the best player at chelsea
stop gassing abt chelsea 
its chelsea . .. that's how we do !! @ !
so my last tweet was , despite all d hype .. chelsea will jst win 3-0 ... went to suck boobs nd back .. gbam , 3-0 .. lool
 ! 207 goals ! 3-0 for chelsea ! " 
i wonder who sacked robben from chelsea ?
oi i swear if chelsea concede i'll lick heads off
robben ! passed on from chelsea and madrid , now at bayern and one of the beat in the world . dortmund stay 3rd in the league .
chelsea strolling to victory here at upton park , this game turned out far easier than i thought . 
good job chelsea gave this lampard geezer another contract ay , not a bad player !
chelsea is winning but dortmund is losing 
chelsea deserve this one !
this is a way better performance from chelsea than the game against west brom 14 days ago .
one more goal chelsea🙏
im not even pissed off with losing to chelsea
well , chelsea's 3rd goal certainly finishes off west hall ! now time for lunch and a spin with the russian babe in my sunseeker predator 80 !
goaall !! lampard again , west ham 0 - 3 chelsea 
' quietly impressive ' chelsea . love it .
chelsea broke it again
3-0 both chelsea and munich
lovely match 
hope chelsea draw 
i remember you well in the chelsea hotel , you were talking so brave and so sweet . those were the reasons and that was new york .
what a stroll in the park ...... up chelsea .
solid win for chelsea
miley on the tv , 1d on the computer , chelsea not leaving her room
amazing away support all i can hear is the chelsea fans
btw , chelsea didn't even need to raise it . they looked very decent today
good game chelsea . well played 
fulltime chelsea 3 - west ham united 0
chelsea win winning , my night will be made when chiefs also wins
chelsea have made west ham look like a sunday league team tonight
i wanna go see fir but only bc chelsea grin is the support i'm srry
group project feels more like the ' chelsea and julie do all the work '.. the usual .
lampard's got a thing for west ham ... 
dortmund losing , chelsea winning , nothing can be more bad !
am sorry wasn't this same westham dat benteke plays ? & dealt with chelsea ?
i hate wen chelsea win matches
one more goal and can go up to 2nd today !
chelsea leading 3-0 ...
chelsea 3-0 up now thank you !! :)
my sporting day has been a shocker ! 
could have done with chelsea not doing so well . the ashes , liverpool , england at rugby .... c'mon scotland cheer me up !
chelsea fans sound like they're singing ' terry askews purple army '
fat frank is a walking oxymoron he's a fat f*ck boo the enemy yet he is super frank and that last goal was just class ! 
thought essien left chelsea ages ago !
watching the west ham and chelsea football game ... definitely not like south american football . no flair , just conservative one touch bleh
chelsea fans are making noise . lol 
hmm - another game , another blank and another drubbing for , getting a bit depressing 
robben got all his class from chelsea
off to chelsea tv .
robben was always player ... even in his chelsea days
the corner is all too easily cleared yet again though and chelsea have the ball in the middle of the park . 0-3 90m
so much for predictions of a 1-1 draw ! shame 
atsu holding a chelsea shirt , pic , twitter , com6glzttbvbvs , but the thing on his bald head wants to arm them ,, 
meanwhile thrash west ham away 
you should know chelsea has 3 points in the bag when they bring essien onto the pitch of play .
and chelsea weren't gonna give lampard a new deal . madness . 
bayern best team in the world , hate to admit it as a chelsea fan but it's the truth
how will your perception empower you today ? mary morrisseyf , chelsea were the better in the second , fair result i'd say ,
mata gets no respect at chelsea you know
chelsea's mom is being inducted into the best friend club
there is a friends marathon on comedy central . more interesting then the chelsea game tbh .
great result chelsea !!
come on men .... come on chelsea !!!!
a good win for both arsenal and chelsea ... united will again be on the score sheet tomorrow ...
all former chelsea players are scoring today ... bayern 3-0 dortmud
this chelsea sha <<<< lool shit guys
me thinking big sam's days are numbered ! 
chelsea ✅ real madrid manchester city fiorentina
if i text you during a chelsea match , feel special ok haha
sbengggggg chelsea $$$$$$$$$ good soccer day !! congrats vip !!
so southampton just lost to arsenal and now dortmund are losing to bayern . seems like all my picks except chelsea are losing tonight .
you know who could beat bayern chelsea ;)
as we unforgivingly smash westham .
great fuggin chelsea whoops west ham and we tie to friggin everton ....
isaac :" these pees have a nice spice on them " chelsea :" i'm pretty sure it's salt "
unforgivable to start with no strikers in a home game against a defence as strong as chelsea's if they all injured at least play someone
chelsea your still plastic no matter the result u mugs !!! if it wasnt for russian blood money u still be putting ads in the sun ! savebridge
dammit could have better on but was good enough !
bayern and chelsea both with the w 
madison jacob savanna abigail chelsea nadia and ozzy are here bowling for madisons 9th birthday party
chelsea have been shite
people actually tweeting madrid bvb and bayern while chelsea playing wtf .
chelsea score 1 more and 2nd is ours
losing 3-0 and still outsinging chelsea .
pow-wowing with chelsea
this is really really poor football from westham
nice little £50 from chelsea will pay for tonight 👌⚽️💷🍻🍻🍻
lampard scores against westham , goetze scores against dortmund , vp scored against us ,,,, all these old boys coming back to haunt ... 
lovely £30 chelsea bayern double comes in to start the night . now to find a bet for the boxing !
thank you , frankie . thank you , chelsea !! 
go 
bayern munich . guess only chelsea can beat them ... 
tbh chelsea haven't played at their best and still they have slaughtered us , players sort it out or your out
how can anyone be a madrid , bayern and chelsea fan ? how embarrassing
frank lampard . making west ham fans cry since 200 ! 
west ham united vs chelsea 0-1 . 21 ' frank lampard , penalty , chelsea
blue is the colour foot ball is the game our aim is to win 
chelsea were so shit today . yhu .
west ham 0-3 chelsea - 90 mins + 3 mins stoppage time 50000 24
my lucks in today . chelsea -1 bayern -1 cheers easy
chelsea and barca u have made my weekend lakers munondibhowa time time
pleaseeeeee stay at 3-0 chelsea ! 👏
chelsea fc !! .. best football club ever that's my team that mu fans fuck u !! ☑ ... chelsea3-0 up , no greater team that chelsea♥ _ 
chelsea have actually been impressive tonight !
dave azpilicueta never fails to impress me for chelsea ! 
chelsea has so many players
goaaaaal ! super frank ! west ham united 0-3 chelsea . 
get in there chelsea lampard 💙
sisi kama chelsea we do it how we want , to whom we want , where want and wen we want ..........
chelsea 3 bayern 3 mohon real pon
one more chelsea goal please
we are chelsea !
if only i could bottle the despair in the upton park stadium announcer's voice as he read : " chelsea goalscorer - number 8 , frank lampard "
chelsea !!! good win 
in other news i've cleaned up with my bets todays . - 10er on chelsea to win with 2.5 or more goals in the match . 
can't help thinking that having no forwards in your team isn't the way forward big sam ! just a thought 
bayern wins . chelsea wins .. madrid winning . hmm mint !
bayern and chelsea please make it 4
west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
3gols for chelsea tonight ; one for me , one for my wife and the last one for jamal . 
maiga has possibly the best agent in world football . as much talent as sodding spoon . 
super frank i fucking love you , true chelsea legend !!!! 
under 17 world cup star kelechi iheanacho has told his dad ( agent ) he wishes to join porto , while his dad wants chelsea or manchester city ."
into the 90th minute , chelsea strong , dominant , fluid . best league away performance ? after spurs ? 3-0
chelsea is owning
ah millwall win and westham and charlton lose . 
 : it doesn't matter how hard you that , chelsea got this ! it's a wrap for .
west ham got ' hammered ' by chelsea ... geddit ? 
seeing westham each week is doing my no favours , chelsea wernt even great
how did tottenham loose at home to this lot 3-0 , just shows that chelsea are the best team in london
super frank kissing chelsea badge at upton park . in your face , west ham ! lol ! vintage strike too !
3 mins extra time chelsea gonna win !!
chelsea are a completely different team with obi mikel in the side , underrated as a player .
chelsea puttin in dat work
west ham fans still louder than chelsea even though where losing 3-0 
went for dortmund/bayern over west ham/chelsea . think i made the right decision . pep is working his magic once again .
that gap between badge and the chelsea badge \____ : frank " og " lampard ! then he kissed the badge .... the chelsea badge 
3added mins coooome on chelsea coooome on chelsea cooome on chelsea
whooo chelsea
now , west ham , imagine if chelsea were brenford ,, thats how we felt against you in your once a lifetime result this season .
35years old and still score goals , play for 90'min&showing big performance legend is a small word
dammit could have betted on but was good enough !
3 minutes of stopage time .. 90 ' west ham 0-3 chelsea 
chelsea played well tonight
the worst part about watching this chelsea game has been niall quinn's commentary . the man is an arsehole
real sociedad 4-3 celta f verona 0-1 chievo f west ham 0-3 chelsea 90 ' dortmund 0-3 bayern 88 ' 
hate 
3 min only stoppage time . nvm , glory to chelsea already !
oi commentator chelsea have played a team with no strikers and have played shite , doesn't mean there on there way to the title haha jokers
chelsea is the winner
go chelsea !!!!
told my dad chelsea would be 3-0 could of won £140 !!!! wanker
goal ! chelsea 3-0 ( lampard x2 )
gotze's pass so on point !!! some smellos r watchin chelsea's match .. learners !!
west ham united vs chelsea 0-2 . 34 ' oscar scores for chelsea ! assist : eden hazard
who wrote again that pep wasn't right for bayern after they played chelsea . looks like a right mug now .
not even watching chelsea ... kinda obvious we gonna win * grin *
barca , newcastle , chelsea , munich all come in ! just waiting on madrid tonight and united tomorro ! 
we're going down we're going down we're going down 
sub another chelsea change : oscar goes off and andre schürrle comes on . seven minutes left at upton park "
one similarity between bvb and westham , they are both 3goals down at home
chelsea is life !
chelsea boots resoled into super hardcore industrial weapon kicking shoes
constantly being left upset after being at westham 😢
why are these commentators making out like chelsea are some sort of invincible team ? arsenal are 4 clear yet you'd think chelsea were top .
can't believe i bottled the chelsea-bayern double !
great win for chelsea . frank lampard double and a goal for oscar !
i like how me and kevin are texting about the chelsea game , when we're both watching it . lmao . 😂😂👌⚽️
i need to watch this bayern game but chelsea is playing
go on chelsea !!
 . " 19:08 " stamford bridge ? i'm not watching d game but from this statement i guess chelsea have been brilliant
if you expected to beat chelsea your fucking mad . even with a fully fit squad its unlikely to happen . we have some deluded fucking fans .
nolan and diame should have started up front if all the strikers are injured . their power may have unsettled chelsea
chelsea are winning though so holla atcha girl ! 😎⚽️ 
chelsea worked so hard for that win 😂 joke
chelsea is the best , thats all !!! #2ndtime 
go chelsea ! xd
i don't think chelsea are as good as the score suggests , but i do think west ham are that bad ...
easy win for chelsea against west ham . highlight of the second half was a typing error . something was blocked . *t
always happy when the chelsea physio is called upon 
i can not explain my hate for chelsea
dear big sam , fuck . off . 
in general chelsea have been shit in the premier league
big sam got it wrong today . sticking with nolan is one of his mistakes . 
newcastle win @ 3/4 odds / bayern munich win @ 23/20 chelsea win @ 7/10 odds - flying 
michael essien makes his 250th chelsea appearance
feel physically sick supporting chelsea but happy to be this close to winning my bet
we love you chelsea we do ohhh chelsea we love you
anddddd he reminded me what happened 2 weeks ago ... stupid chelsea .
chelsea fielding the darkest mid-field in the league right now essien - ba - mikel !!! 
west ham v chelsea motm frank lampard 
" sub chelsea make a change now as samuel eto'o colwest ham 0-2 chelsea ( 79 mins ) " chelsea day
fuck em all fuck em all ! west ham united and liverpool cause we are the chelsea and we are the best , we are the chelsea so fuck all the rest
good win chelsea and bayern !!!!!!!
well done chelsea done what we needed to do 3 points
chelsea stupid bruh !
think oscar should of got motm , his best performance workrate wise in a chelsea shirt .
one more goal 🙏
comfortable chelsea !! oscar is different gravy tbh . mikel should play more . super chelsea 😁💙
come on let's get another !
3 minutes added time . any last minute surprises , chelsea ? 
if chelsea scores 1 more they'll be 2nd so cmon ! 
when and super franky boy
i'm going to make a chelsea career mode sell all the good players and buy all league two players ... brb
3-0 i love chelsea like danial do .
out singing chelsea fans while 3-0 down . 
i'll go out on a limb here to congratulate cech .. on his #200th clean sheet for chelsea .. 
westham are so shit they getting relegated this year
i have always rated frank lampard since he was a kid at westham !! another good performance from him !! :-)
robben makes it 2-0 .. i gotta say chelsea are poor at judging players .. they sold robben coz he ' was past it ' smh
" i promise on my honour to be faithful and loyal to chelsea my motherland ; yea though i sit on the bench all the time i will not fear "
arsenal , newcastle , chelsea , motherwell , dundee utd and dunfermline . william's first coupon and it comes in .. yaaa dancer !
chelsea just winding the game down now
chelsea must avoid bayern in the ucl * sigh
chelsea down to 10 men as eto'o comes on
and chelsea just happened to be winning 3-0 frank lampard seems unstoppable
unreal , popped into the bookies to put a 3-0 chelsea win at 12/1 then changed me mind n didn't bother . 
meant to have a £ 7.50 free bet in my account with william hill . went to put a bayern/chelsea double on . free bet vanished . both winning .
3mins added time chelsea 3 - west ham 0 
 is mean chelsea football club but not the another one that is clorofluorocarbon . btch !
chelsea very impressive
i really hope i get to see billy today , especially since chelsea is destroying west ham 😂
3 ' added on time at upton park chelsea lead 0-3 .
chelsea are 3-0 up and i can't hear a single one of their fans loooool
bac win , chelsea win so just need dylan to win tomoz against bury for perfect football weekend !!
chelsea win ?
lampard make it 3 nil for chelsea .
funny how we're 3-0 down and you still can't hear the chelsea fans ...
's ball possession today tho ... wow👍👌 . can we play like this in every game pls 
great performance by chelsea
i'd rather be weird as fuck than be boring as hell , re , chelsea do choose to sell him , he can end up at any top club ,
chelsea owned today !
some noise from the chelsea fans 
remember those years when robben was doing it for chelsea , real madrid n he is still doing it big for bayern munich . awesome player
chelsea we proud you !!! \m/
delightful win , this is a very disciplined chelsea side .
good play chelsea ( y ) nice win
chelsea's back on the track youhouu 🎉
frank lampard . making west ham fans cry since 2001 ! 
you wouldn't hear the chelsea singing if they were 3-0 down at home
 
easy money . 
commanding performance this is for chelsea vs west ham ! too easy than expected !
wen is essien leaving chelsea sef
solid from chelsea 👌
up chelsea we are blues
gotta go out for dinner now , just going to chick chips at any chelsea cunt
that was a delicious finish from robben , what a player he has turned into since he left chelsea in 2007 
austin dressing chelsea : " and idk what this is chels but we'll put it on anyways " me : " what what is ?" austin : " this black skirt thing ."
good win for chelsea . a away win and clean sheet has been needed for a while .
shows how much attention ive payed , didnt realise chelsea made any subs
good result for chelsea . super frank with 2 . good for team to have frank playing well again
no better way to start a weekend then a chelsea win
chelsea winning , dortmund losing , awesome night
go !!!!!
i wish i suited wearing chelsea boots
chelsea all the way !
chelsea getting out sung by west ham when they're 3-0 up , shit fans .
don't mind them losing if they tried , but looks like they can't be bothered 
if chelsea doesnt leave the club tonight im dragging her out
chelsea on fire to much for west ham to handel
chelsea did it .. whew ... thank god ooo , there was no late hour rush ! ramires didn't need to fall again !
never thought i'd say it but i think has been out best player today !! 
west ham fans keep booing lampard . how is his celebration ' disrespectful'? i'm glad he kissed the badge and showed them he loves chelsea .
chelsea going to win the pl no doubt
super frank scores 2 gv chelsea 3points ..... up blues ......
 chelsea 3 : west ham 0
and i still don't rate guardiola one bit , taking over the best teams . bah ! even avram grant once got chelsea a good side to a ucl final .
chelsea awesome !
i am proud to announce that after weeks upon weeks of getting nowhere near a coupon win , chelsea just got my coupon up ! 
german classico wey eturn chelsea vs west ham no ... dortmund no dey see top kraa
one of the best games i've ever seen before . bayern munich vs . chelsea . 
congrats to essien on his 250th chelsea appearance . 
west ham united vs chelsea 0-3 . 82 ' frank lampard scores for chelsea !
3-0 ! . .
gutted i had free tickets to chelsea west ham but couldn't go 😔⚽️
ewww how can someone i know have 3-0 chelsea and lampard first goalscorer
all the ' chelsea ' fans on here who have been to about 5 games , aw
madrid ( for now) , chelsea , and bayern munchen winning ! things can't get better ! :)
the chelsea away fans loud and clear in upton park . incredible support .
west ham out singing chelsea when 3-0 down 
why oh why do i continue to watch this rubbish !! all i do is develop tourette's
team chelsea n team pirates made my night♥♥ !
i think is the high time for the so called great nigerian and chelsea player mikel to improve in his attacking mode
nothing beats guardiola's plan ( except for rm & chelsea )
me and my cousins just got in a fight cos my cousin was wearing a chelsea jersey , football is crazy !!!
matthew harding's blue army 
bet spoil but chelsea gave me 3points .. no yawa
get the fuck in !! chelsea win and bayern game over 2.5 goals double comes in 
207 goal frank lampard bersama chelsea
omg chelsea is killing it
chelsea , real madrid , and bayern are all playing at the same time lol
such a surprise chelsea win a pen after maureen has a rant about refs !!
my brother , at least chose better , he was watching chelsea instead of dortmund . and chelsea is winning ...
que bien chelsea ! super franki lampard
the only disappointing thing about the chelsea match has to be jose's trim 
west ham 0-3 chelsea current score
 ^ . ^ gotta love the team in jose we trust <3
chelsea win 3-0 & dortmund loses 3-0 . great 😫
chelsea tell me i sour :'(
ba .... offsides ! phew . thought that was 4-0 to chelsea . i would have been fuming !
except they win by as much as 4 goals , chelsea can only place 3rd behind liverpool on the log . not bad for the team 
chelsea down to 10 men as ba comes on !!
very convincing performance from chelsea tonight !
added time 3+ minutes for chelsea
3 goals for chelsea !! woohoo !
chelsea we love you !!!!
ball in the back of the net for chelsea but ba ruled off side . lovely drive and pass from essien though . still 3-0 chelsea .
its such torture to watch chelsea play lately . (+ i miss mata )
ft : chelsea 3-0 whu ,, ooo muller goall fcb 3-0 dort
chelsea , derby and sheffield united , nice 3fold unsless a disaster strikes . 
chelsea and arsenal are by far my favorites . i could seriously just sit and watch them play for hours .
west ham united 0-3 chelsea ( lampardx2 , oscar )
 chelsea vs west ham
chelsea played well against west ham . lamps with 2 goals
so chelsea are playing in white and real madrid are playing in blue omg
 chelsea 3-0 west ham
chelsea was defo our hardest opposition yet👌⚽️
chelsea players sit on on the floor and get treatment for 5 mins and then there's only 3 minutes added time ?? boring maurinho style
demba ba !!! but he's offside 92 ' west ham 0-3 chelsea 
goal west ham 0-3 chelsea ( 82 mins) . a second for frank lampard as he sweeps home from just inside the penalty area 
well done and super franky boy . 🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
wow !!! 5 goals ΐϟ his last 5 matches against westham !!! 
first proper game from chelsea in a while .
k so the german classico is a lil more entertaining than my chelsea match . just a lil
have chelsea to win 3-0 backed . thank fuck for the offside rule !
jwp did well too no shame in losing to a very good arsenal team . let's see how we do against chelsea .
i love chelsea , very interesting match
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . two from lampard , who loves trips back here ; one from oscar . chelsea much improved on recent form . hammers dire .
well played chelsea ! 
chelsea for 3
no ! chelsea cannot score another one
westham is being taught a lesson by chelsea
that would have been the icing , cherry and sprinkles on top if ba got that goal ... 
 d-day .
ft west ham 0-3 chelsea ! good win , lampard and oscar superb , 3 goals , 3 points ! happy 
good game chelsea
chelsea 3-0 quand meme
full time : west ham united 0-3 chelsea ! great game and a massive 3 points for 
and chelsea won easily .
come on my nigga ba will get tha forth goal 
wow .... chelsea is now give ( whu ) 3:0 goal
chelsea win !!!
chelsea vs united 💥 ... we beat em 5-3 👏👊👌 next game tuesday 😁 let's go chelsea 😏 💙⚽️💙
west ham 0 chelsea 3 . over 2.5 goals and lampard first/last scorer . a great day at haydock spoilt by the longest pay out queue imaginable !
so i recorded the match , 90 mins in wishing i hadn't! but then hearing all our supporters still singing ... this is why i love westham <3
full time : west ham united 0-3 chelsea fc . well done lads ! 2 goals by lampard and a beautiful goal by oscar . clean sheet . 3 points . perfect .
that was super frank with 207 goals ! a brilliant midfielder come on chelsea 
😁 chelsea 3-0 west ham ( final ) ... h
ft : 0-3 to chelsea . west ham no shots on target today , 4 out of 21 points taken at home this season , losing 5 out of 7 in the process .
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . the blues are back ! that was a good performance , despite many chances wasted . 
full time : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . chelsea win their 2nd premier league london derby of the season . 
chelsea 3 - 0 west ham united ft .
on behalf of d entire chelsea team , i just want2 say thank u all 4swatching .. gd night :)
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . lampard x2 and oscar with the goals . 
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea . 
ugh why does offside even have to exist chelsea could have 4 by now - . -
great win for chelsea
chelsea 3-0 west ham united
petr cech's 200th cleansheets for chelsea !
chelsea won 3-0 .
chelsea won 3-0 away - check 200 clean sheets - 
full time chelsea 3-0 west ham united we won !!!
is it that no body is watching chelsea game only bvb ?
great result today for chelsea . nothing better than frankie lamps getting it done . old timer puttin the team on his back 
full time ; west ham 0-3 chelsea
 west ham united 0-3 chelsea . goles de frank lampard x 2 y oscar .
as much as i hate too say it chelsea arw smashing it
chelsea westham tho . smh
ft west ham 0 , chelsea 3 . ba had the ball in the net for a fourth but flag went up . dubious . this was a rout .
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea great game and we bounced back brilliantly ! well done to lampard who got a brace ! 
aaahhhh ... offside ba ! too bad ! 
full time= chelsea 3 - 0 west ham ! lampard 2goal and oscar 1goal 
chelsea took 21 shots and west ham took 8
chelsea be making me proud !
wow . chelsea
ft : west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea [ lampard ( pen) , oscar , lampard ] #3points 
gonna cry when lamps leaves chelsea 
good game . congrats chelsea :)
chelsea parking the bus , again .
well done chelsea
what a game ! fulltime ! west ham 0-3 chelsea . 
full time ... west ham 0-3 chelsea . west ham you are fucking useless ! * sigh *
but good win chelsea !
full time chelsea vs west ham 3-0 score lampard 2 oscar 1
west ham 0-3 chelsea ( 2 lampard , oscar ) [ ft ] 
you can't score a goal , you can't score a goal , if you're a chelsea striker , you can't score a goal .
chelsea 3-0 west ham
was a training game for chelsea
fuck you chelsea
thank you chelsea ! 3 sexy points . . thank you lampard #8 ! legend 
chelsea fans have been class today . can't wait to go to another away game . 
good performance from chelsea
ft : westham 0-3 chelsea . lampard is back , amazing azpi and oscar . clean sheet . away win . 3 points . thank you chelsea 💙
full time : whu 0-3 chelsea #3points 
chelsea's winning 3-0 what a joke 😂
great win for chelsea .
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea .
ft west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
good performance and important 3 points ! 3-0 
well done chelsea . great three points .
final : west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea .
good win chelsea !
phew !!! i don't have the strength for a 4th . go chelsea ... 
good game chelsea
chelsea .. win !!!! 3-0
ft westham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard 2x , and oscar ) 
good win for chelsea . controlled the game consistently for the whole of 90mins . lampard was superb .
chelsea have won a premier league game in november for the first time in 8 matches . previous win was against wolves on 26th nov 2011 . 
well played chelsea 👍👏👏
full time 3-0 chelsea
 masuk >> essien keluar << hazard 84 " west ham 0-3 chelsea
kwani how many goals has chelsea scored
dat momen wen u av to treak just because all these okada men don go support chelsea
the sky is .. ..
cech has kept his 146th pl clean sheet & his 205th overall for chelsea . he needs 3 more to equal bonetti's record of 208 .
chelsea ! good win !
good win chelsea fc ... 
chelsea pick up a vital three points by beating west ham 3-0 ! frank lampard bags a brace with oscar grabbing the other goal in the win ! 
worst decision youll ever see in the west ham/chelsea game . can't believe how bad officials have got . disallowing a demba ba goal ? 
well done the blues ! 3-0
full time : chelsea vs west ham 3-0
fulltime , west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . ktbffh !
rt full time west ham 0-3 chelsea ( dominance ) 
chelsea football club
good performance ! well played chelsea . 
full time chelsea 3 west ham 0
lampard may be getting older and slower , but the man can still score . great game for chelsea .
3 points for chelsea ! 
ft ' west ham 0-3 chelsea . finally a win in november , jesus ...
good game 0-3 chelsea's favour
bayern can beat chelsea ...... beat barca ......... beat whoever ....... but , they know who deir daddy is .....!!!!! 
full time : chelsea 3-0 west ham
chelsea wins 3 : 2
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . goals : lampard ( pen ) 23 ', 82 ' oscar 34 ' #3points ~
it's a beautiful day , i love you chelsea ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
chelsea win ! 👌😻
full time west ham 0-3 chelsea
am i d only manutd fan who still love chelsea fc a little ?
full time chelsea 3-0 west ham
get in top there chelsea . great 3 points
chelsea win 3-0
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard x2 , oscar ) 
so who had chelsea and bayern to win 3-0 in a double then ?
full time : west ham united 0 - chelsea 3
ft chelsea 3 - 0 west ham 
i really pity the people who chose to watch chelsea west ham play long ball-long ball over this excellent high quality match
career goal : chelsea handler , i just wanna be funny and get paid for it
good win chelsea !! #3points
west ham united 0 vs 3 chelsea au calme !
ft . westham utd 0-3 chelsea fc
full time chelsea 3 - 0 west ham ( lampard-oscar-lampard )
ft : chelsea 3-0 west ham united
 looked organised . fair play to them
chelsea wins
good job chelsea 
ft ' west ham 0 - 3 chelsea - we move up to third .
chelsea's win !
sweet game fellers good work . performance beat old talk . clean sheet . ft chelsea 3 wbu 0 thanks to lampard 2 oscar 1
that's gameeeeeee ! chelsea 3-0 west ham
its wraps :d 3pts to chelsea
full-time : west ham 0-3 chelsea , chelsea move 3rd , equal with liverpool on goal difference but less goals scored
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea .
good 3 points today blues , clean sheet 
demba ba scores but ruled offside . ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea oscar , lampard x2 -asa
frank lampard anytime scorer chelsea win 👌 thanks fat frank 💷
full time - chelsea win
full time : chelsea 3-0 west ham
orite .. 3 points for chelsea ..
chelsea !!!!! 2nd in the table bitches !
fulltime . west ham 0-3 chelsea .
good save from cech in the last seconds to keep his clean sheet . the whistle blows . it ends west ham 0 chelsea 3 at upton park . 
chelsea 3-0 west ham . their first premier league clean sheet in over two months ( september 21 vs fulham ) and only second away win in league .
full-time : west ham 0-3 chelsea - two for frank lampard as his goal drought came to an end .
chelsea 3-0 west han ft !! ❤️❤️
gonna put fifa 13 on n re play dis game n give chelsea a spanking fuckin mugs
ft : chelsea 3 - 0 west ham united
superb performance by chelsea .
well done chelsea !
job done . 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . 1 point from last 5 premier league games at home for the hammers
terrific display by chelsea tonight , i hope to see more of this . 
full time chelsea 3-0 west ham . 
chelsea !!!!!!!!!!!! 3-0 ft . .
 💙💙💙
didn't tweet once during the game 😂 but good game chelsea👌
when chelsea fans say lampard is better than özil i struggle to wonder how they haven't been locked up
chelsea wins the game , 3-0 . 
gooooooool , frank lampard , o terceiro do chelsea 3x0 west ham .. go go blues
well done chelsea⚽️
great match from chelsea <3
final score at upton park ; west 0 - 3 chelsea .
chelsea up to 3rd place in the league with 24 points .
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . brilliant performance from the lads tonight 👏
good win for chelsea :)
great win for chelsea tho
i don't understand why the west ham fans are cheering because chelsea's goal was disallowed ? they're 3-0 down in the 90th minute ?
chelsea winnings
good win chelsea .
ft west ham 0-3 chelsea . happy days .
full time chelsea v west ham 3-0
chelsea 3 west ham 0 . easy peasy
on behalf of d entire chelsea team , i just want2 say thank u all 4watching .. gd night 
still second ! level on goal difference with chelsea .
full time ! 3-0 ! chelsea rise again
( premier league ) maç bitti / west ham united 0:3 chelsea
ft : chelsea power 3 - west ham 0
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . great match and easy !!
3-0 to bayern munich and 3-0 to chelsea . two easy away wins in the end .
well done chelsea .
chelsea wiiiins 3-0 !!!!!
easy chelsea easy , great win . 😝✌️ 
well done 
good win chelsea 
chelsea soccer team is stack !! ⚽️⚽️
top stuff chelsea well done 😁✌️
ft chelsea 3-0 west ham 
 wiiiiinnnnn !!!!
ft : west ham united 0 chelsea 3
who do u think man of the match is ? oskar or lampard ? 207
bit of a stroll for chelsea , west ham have serious problems . music on pa system not one of them , bit of oasis to see us out .
3-0 ft , up to 3rd . good evenings work . well done chelsea .
chelsea - brilliant . west ham - poor . simple as that
 best west ham 3-0 final score . brilliant game
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . chelsea up to 3rd , just behind liverpool on goals .
full time chelsea 3 west ham 0
victoooooooire de chelsea 3 - 0 ♥♥♥ 
if i ran chelsea , i'd sell ba . bring back lukaku and start torres . oh and start mata . mou on a weird thinking process nowadays
ft : chelsea 3-0 west ham united
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . two from lampard , who loves trips back here ; one from oscar . chelsea much improved on recent form . hammers dire ."
ft west ham united 0-3 chelsea
good result for chelsea , also keeps us out of the bottom three at least . 
full time chelsea 3 west ham 0
nice win today chelsea keep it up
full time : chelsea 3-0 west ham
ft : chelsea 3-0 west ham 
good win chelsea !! finally a w !!!
200 clean sheets for cech in chelsea jersey ! congrats
ft west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampardx2 , oscar .
sounded like an impressive win for chelsea , west ham are in deep trouble .
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea ( x2 : 21 ' 81 ' lampard , 34 ' oscar ) chelsea are in the 3rd rank with 24 pts . well done blues ! 
yeah !! cleansheet chelsea 3-0 
dortmund , everton , westham u have failed ur duties for today ......
full time : west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea fc 
207 goals for chelsea 👏👏👏 207
all i c in this match is a bunch of chelsea playrs determined nt only to win , but also to oppress their opponents . west ham has bn victimised
i am a happy chelsea fan once again thanks to sir lampard . what a prolific player
chelsea up to 3rd
chelsea bossed that game
good away win for chelsea . 2 from frank lampard & a goal from oscar 3-0 .
great game chelsea !
good job chelsea !
great job chelsea great job lampard
ft chelsea 3 west ham 0 . this game marks petr cech's 200th clean sheet 😁
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . clean sheet ! yes to 3 points . 
ft : west ham united 0-3 chelsea fc . highly entertaining , superfluous football . great job , boys in blue ! :') 
full time chelsea 3-0 shame u rusty hammers .
chelsea win !!!
it ends 3-0 ! happy for chelsea 
full time and it's west ham united 0-3 chelsea . lampard with a double and oscar with one . strong performance but easy too . 
beautiful win that puts chelsea in third place
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . it was a walk in the upton park .
westham thats poor 😔😶
there wasn't even enough people to boo at the end 😂 
chelsea wins !!!!!
final : west ham 0 chelsea 3 ( lampard -2 , 1p . - y oscar ) 
west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard x2 , oscar )
what if chelsea sold lampard then ?
ft : west ham united 0-3 chelsea . beautiful football played by chelsea today .
full time ; west ham 0-3 chelsea power
what a game chelsea
full time : west ham united - chelsea 0-3 goals : 2x lampard , oscar 
ft scores : west ham 0 - chelsea 3 , lamps 207 and counting !!
premier league full time : west ham 0 chelsea 3
clean sheet , 3 goals , 3 points , well done chelsea👏 !
great result for chelsea 
west ham's only shot on target in the game came in the 93rd minute . cech has now kept 200 clean sheets as chelsea gk . 
first cleansheet in 6 games for chelsea :))
great performance chelsea
chelsea win . cech's 200th clean sheet . lampard's 207th goal . what a match !
chelsea 3-0 whu . 3pts . good job chelsea . 
fulltime chelsea 3-0 west ham xd
important win for chelsea to keep the pressure on the others at the top . 
ft - west ham 0-3 | fantastic performance and an away clean sheet . perfect .
yes chelsea , come on you blues !!! great win , 3 points away from home 
chelsea and liverpool have the same goal diff . so both are in 2nd place .
go on chelsea !!! :d
full time chelsea 3 westham 0
ft . chelsea 3-0 westham . 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . relatively easy game
mourinho " a controversial one " 
chelsea fans b ecstatic after beating ' bottom of the table ' teams
chelsea strolling at west ham . 3-0 
' frank lampard and chelsea '
chelsea win
full time : west ham 0 : 3 chelsea 
chelsea win .. yippeee .... 3 - 0
chelsea also get that 3-0 win ...
chelsea 3 west ham united 0
well done chelsea !!
great game chelsea 👏 
full time chelsea 3 - 0 west ham
ft : well done chelsea !! 3-0
all round top quality display by chelsea . i am impressed .
3 points for chelsea !
yay ! :) 3-0 chelsea vs west ham
excellent performance that's more like it !! 
chelsea 3 points opppa
ft : west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
and chelsea take second place . thank you joe allen , thank you so much you fucking piece of sh ! t 
absolutely fantastic performance by chelsea , and by lamps especially 
ft : west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
ft west ham utd 0 - 3 chelsea ( 2 ) ( 1 )
great win today ... 3-0 
ft : whu 0 - 3 chelsea 207
ft : chelsea 3-0 west ham utd 
ft : westham 0 vs 3 chelsea 2 
chelsea win celtic win come on islanders win for me tonight !
chelsea play better when mikel is playing
full time ! chelsea 3 - 0 west ham 200th clean sheet for cech 207 chelsea goals for frank lampard that is chelsea for you ! 
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ( lampard x2 & oscar )
chelsea a gagner 3-0 aha 
200th chelsea clean sheet for cech <3 
great win chelsea !!
good job chelsea ( y )
well a 3-0 away win at with a super frankie lampard double earning him man of the match has made me a very happy man !! nice one 
congrats chelsea !!! amazing display today
 full time 0 3 92 
ft whu 0-3 chelsea ! good 3 points ! well done lads ! 
chelsea is our name :-)
finally chelsea menang !! yahowwwww !!
full time ; west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea 
well done chelsea made my night
for me , up and down chelsea will be my inspiration :')
fulltime ! westham 0 - 3 chelsea 
3 goals , 3 points , good job chelsea . . .
epl – result : west ham united 0-3 chelsea 
final whistle . 3-0 chelsea win puts us into third . oscar outstanding and a brace from 24
i tought mata is a chelsea player ? where is he jose ?
bayern and chelsea won 3-0
super chelsea fc !! 
ft . west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ! oscar and lampard scores twice .
ft chelsea 3-telur west ham
full time ... chelsea win .
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . excellent performance from all chelsea players !
full time chelsea 3-0 west ham
chelsea 3-0 west ham ft
come on chelsea put the icing on the cake !
final del partido ! west ham 0-3 chelsea ! 
good game chelsea killed em 
wonderful performance by my chelsea team 3-0 ! 
chelsea won тнε match
chelsea very business like 👏👏👏👏✌️
full time : westham 0-3 chelsea . the boleyn ground good to chelsea .
 ... 3 westham ... 0
fr and chelsea win 3-0 on the back of a strong lampard display .
great win today from chelsea . 
solid chelsea win . 3rd in the table now . arsenal setting the pace at the top ... others must follow !
great performance from chelsea ! great game 😀
celtic -1 & chelsea -1 at 6/1 . easy money .
full time . west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard ( p) , oscar , lampard .
ft : west ham united - chelsea : 0-3
chelsea wins
woooohoooo chelsea !!! 3-0 motherfuckers ... haters gonna hate
can't believe chelsea almost let lampard go ... u can't do that !
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea wuuuhuuuu abam legend score 2
fiiiiiiinal ! west ham united 0 - chelsea 3
full time chelsea 3-0 west ham
ft : west ham united 0 vs 3 chelsea fc | lampard(p) , oscar , lampard | 3points 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . easy match . goals from lampard ( 2 ) and oscar . #3points
💙chelsea💙 
and that is all for today folks ! : west ham 0-3 chelsea . 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea 2 score by lampard n 1 score by oscar
full time : 0-3 
 ft score : west ham 0-3 
ft whu 0 vs chelsea 3 . good morning guys and have a nice weekend . see yaa
acabou ! west ham 0x3 chelsea .
full time - west ham 0-3 chelsea : frank lampard nets brace against former club to seal comfortable win for blues 
good game chelsea
that's the best i've seen chelsea perform this season !! great win !
good job chelsea !!! great game for tonight 
happy days chelsea 3-0 west ham 
final whistle : west ham 0-3 chelsea
that's more like it chelsea , great performance !
cool , smooth , swift and calm as you like .... chelsea bags there 2nd away win .... azpi 
westbrom 0 - chelsea 3 good game :)
chelsea win 3-0 and move to 3rd place in the bpl league table . 
nice 66 quid in my pocket thanks chelsea ;)
thank u lampard thank u chelsea !....
ganó chelsea 3 a 0 !! !! blue boys from west london
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . lampard gets a brace and oscar bagged one goal . 
fulltime ! 3-0 chelsea . all positives tonight , brilliant blue performance throughout the 11 + the subs . onwards and upwards ! 
whoop whoop whoop :) good day today great game this morning and good chelsea match 
chelsea won ! clean sheet for petr cech . 
well done chelsea 3-0
ft : chelsea 3 - 0 west ham lampard 2 oscar 1 goodluck blues
full time at upton park . 3-0 to chelsea . lampard , oscar and hazard the standouts . west ham are in danger of a relegation battle 
ft . west-ham 0-3 chelsea 
fulltime chelsea 3 west ham 0 
yeah !! chelsea won the game ! alhamdulillah ! 2 goals by lampard 1 assist by hazard and others . and 1 goal by oscar ! they done a very good job
sexy ass football from chelsea . making me feel some type of way . 
nice game chelsea ! 3-0 west ham 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . crap , crap and crap !
ft : west ham vs chelsea 0-3 ( lampard , oscar , lampard )
typical chelsea performance 3-0 , lampard brace 
tamat permainan west ham 0-3 chelsea . nice game chelsea
congrats chelsea ! great match !
chelsea menang . congrats the blues !
all over at upton park and chelsea win 3-0 with lampard getting two . chelsea 3-0 west ham . 
west ham utd had no shot on target against chelsea . impressive
full time chelsea 3 - 0 west ham ( lampard , oscar , lampard )
game over , chelsea win !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh yeah ;d lampard motm but also azpi ! both were amazing today
ft west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . the frank , oscar , and dave show .
nice chelsea nice :)
cech earns his 200th clean sheet for chelsea 
beautiful game on chelsea's part . playing like this will win them trophies 
thanks chelsea 
3-0 chelsea wins !
easy as 1 2 3 !
good save from cech in the last seconds to keep his clean sheet . the whistle blows . it ends west ham 0 chelsea 3 at upton park .
full time : west ham united 0-3 chelsea . .
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard penalty , oscar and lampard again wrap up the 3 points and chelsea find themselves in 3rd .
congratulations chelsea . thanks for a great match ! lampard forever the best player ! hehe jealous ke awak ?
its a winning game for chelsea , three goals ! 
chelsea won 3-0 ... and bayern .
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea , frank lampard ends a 10 game drought with a double .
what happened to dortmund ? chelsea menang dortmund kalah ..
chelsea win 3-0 and go joint 2nd .
chelsea 3 west ham 0 full time .
fulltime west ham utd 0-3 chelsea (2 ) keep the blue flag flying high !!
chelsea on & al
3-0 hopefully west ham will be going down .. purely out classed yes chelsea
fuck you west ham boo boys . super frankie lampard bleeds chelsea blue ! 
full time , good win for chelsea
come on chelsea <3
good save from cech in the last seconds to keep his clean sheet . the whistle blows . it ends west ham 0 chelsea 3 at upton park .
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . great performance , great win .
good match .. lampard double leads chelsea to a 3-0 win ! just like i predicted .. he's a different player with mikel in the team 
ft : west ham united 0-3 chelsea 
demel did make an absolute howler but chelsea were excellent tonight 
full time : west ham united 0-3 chelsea fc
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . great win , great day for lampard
chelsea win 3-0 , 2 great goals for the ledge lampard ,, its just to easy
chelsea , bayern . ✔️
full time at the upton park with chelsea winning 3-0 . 
chelsea , bayern and barca all get the w today . let's goo
congrats to essien on his 250th chelsea appearance . "
" you should hear the chelsea roar " 🎶
full time : west ham utd 0 - 3 chelsea . 
3-0 chelsea kills west ham united two for legendary lampard one from oscar
ft west ham united 0-3 chelsea fc frank oscar frank motm= frank lampard
brilliant victory for chelsea ! lampard with a brace to make it 207 goals and petr cech gets his 200th chelsea clean sheet 
convincing 3-nil win . hope they perform against west ham with the same caliber when i'm there in january . come on chelsea .
3-0 bayern 3-0 chelsea 3-1 celtic i'll take that
chelsea had a good game 👌
chelsea won 3-0 . they move to third place ! chelsea fans , calm down . are still on top 
final whistle . 0-3 for chelsea 😎😎 
chelsea were good . west ham were/are awful .
frank lampard 207 goals for chelsea
its a wrap ft westham 0-3 chelsea 
great result today . lampard ' brace and one from oscar takes chelsea up to third .
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea !!! lampard score a brace and oscar score 1 !!! ^_^
full time england : west ham united ( 0 ) vs ( 3 ) chelsea
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard , oscar , lampard ) 
38 games without losing a game & everybody claims barcelona , real madrid , manchester united , chelsea etc . are the best .. 
sorry westham fans
3-0 chelsea won whooo hoooo
ft west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea lampard 21'(pen) , 82 ' oscar 34 ' 
awesome away result and a very good performance . always nice to beat whufc . up the 
quality 3-0 win by chelsea away from home vs west ham 
my mom be like chelsea taylor you got mail ✉️📫 '
full time chelsea 3 - 0 west ham ( lampard-oscar-lampard )
clean sheet : check . away win : check . 3 points in a road derby , keep pace with arsenal , picked up goal differential . good day for chelsea
chelsea with the win ! 😁🙌 real madrid next and then tomorrow america ! 🙌
chelsea cruise to three points with a 3-0 win against west ham . super frank gets goals 206 and 207 and oscar adds one himself 
chelsea at 3rd now :')
chelsea go into 3rd !
amazing game from chelsea today 
i like it like this chelsea , nice game
ft west ham utd 0 - 3 chelsea fc lampard [ 0-1 ] [ pen ] oscar [ 0-2 ] lampard [ 0-3 ] who was your man of the match 
great win 
final st west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard x2 y oscar
full time at upton park , west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea fc , goodnight to all chelsea fc fans and players and staff , have a nice rest
207 goals for lamps now . easy win for chelsea .
chelsea with that clean sheet and my boy lampard killing it #207
game over ! west ham 0-3 chelsea :) 
easy as 1 , 2 , 3 for chelsea !!
ft west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
3 points , baby ! 
lampard chelsea man of the night .
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea comprehensive victory for chelsea that alleviates any sort of pressure that may have been on jose mourinho
fuck you no(win)vember cause chelsea just fuckin won !!!!
ft : chelsea 3 , 0 west ham ( lampard , oscar , lampard )
injury time west ham 0-3 chelsea three minutes of injury time . that's 180 seconds of extra misery for west ham . 
we won 
miley looks like macklemore -chelsea macklemore is hot tho-shyanne yeah accept macklemore is guy-chelsea lololol
 westham united 0-3 chelsea fc 
i told already tonight is chelsea game . 
good performance by chelsea
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea what a win ! well done you blues !
chelsea up to 3rd place in the league with 24 points .
and its over .. chelsea vs west ham ( 3-0 )
yeahhhh chelsea ! ( y )
chelsea won the game chel-3-owest
super chelsea ✌️stick ur bubbles up ur arse . 😀
 
boooo . full time west ham 0-3 chelsea . relegation candidates for sure this season . allardyce has to win 3 of the next 4 matches or he's gone
love that chelsea win , a great watch on my birthday 
keep it up chelsea 😊⚽
fulltime westham 0-3 chelsea , oscar(1) , lampard(2 ) 3rd on the table
absolutely forgot ' ba ' was still in chelsea fc . what a waste of talent .
great result chelsea&clean sheet ! joint 2nd :)
and it's over with a win of 2-0 ! good job chelsea !! 💙👏👏 
beating .. as easy as 1 . 2 . 3
cech's 200th clean sheet for chelsea
love that chelsea !
full time ! 3-0 to chelsea :) 
chelsea's victory as easy as 1 , 2 , 3 .......
chelsea vs west hum 3-0 baik ahh 3 rd place yeah !!!!
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea chelsea up to 3rd place in the league with 24 points . sd
thank you for tonight , you are amazing , chelsea ! i love you more~ : *
good win chelsea 
solid performance from chelsea great to get 3 points 1lads
west ham's only shot on target was the last touch of the game well played chelsea👏
these west ham players tho ... our bebe would have scored a hat-trick against chelsea tonight . 
full time : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . 
meanwhile , chelsea win . bleh .
ppl are watching the bayern game , i'm just here watching the 3-0 victory of chelsea .
207- frank lampard has 207 chelsea goals . petr cech has 207 clean sheets . 
super frank !! chelsea can take the 3 points back across london . 
chelsea win , solid performance now time for a curry and to watch the boxing with the boys
chelsea and bayern both won 3-0👏
yeahhh ! nice game chelsea ! ! 3-0 !
congrats chelsea !! 207 goal !!! 
ft : west ham united ( 0-3 ) chelsea fc epl matchday 12 .
chelsea have ruthlessly punished west ham united . tactics spot on for jose mourinho whose side played some fast counter football . quality .
ft west ham 0-3 chelsea . comfortable win for the blues via oscar's fine effort and 2 from ex hammer frank lampard . easy 3 pts in the end .
lampard lagi bro =)) 3-0 207 gol for chelsea super frankie lampard
arsenal beat chelsea and i resign without another job . in fact , i die sef !
so thats it the final results , whu 0 - 3 chelsea 
oh yesss bayern beat dortmund 3:0 and chelsea beat west ham 3:0 today is a good day .
ft . west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard 20 ' [ pen . ] , 82 ', oscar 34 ' ) 
final whistle ; west ham 0 - 3 chelsea👌
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea fc ( lampard 0-1 ( pen ) , oscar 0-2 , lampard 0-3 ) : job well done and the 3 points + clean sheet 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . lamps with two and oscar with the other . back to winning ways in the premier league . 
what a game ! fulltime ! west ham 0-3 chelsea . 
live : ft : west ham 0 3 ( lampard ( 2) , oscar ) - ba had the ball in the net for a 4th but flag went up . dubious . this was a rout . 
ft : westham 0-3 chelsea 
chelsea wins 3 - 0 . lampard 2 goals and oscar with his single goal .
sad i missed this chelsea game
chelsea wins .. lampard brace .. final score : 0-3 
great wins for bayern and chelsea
ft : westham 0-3 . chelsea . score ' lampard 2gol & oscar 1gol . 
chelsea very good but the ' ammers were shockingly bad .
90+3 min\ full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea
chelsea win ? liverpool drew ? i dont care , remember that arsenal won over sout and stay at top of leg 
looks as if west ham are relegation contenders . have been poor all season , hardly scored a goal . chelsea played excellently . great game . 
game over , chelsea have restored their previous good form and have beaten west ham 3-0 !
a great game indeed . 3-0 . well done , chelsea .
that chelsea jersey though .
brilliant win for chelsea . 
west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea fulltime at upton park 
great game and a deserved victory . well done chelsea !
i did call 3-0 chelsea !
routine win for chelsea . west ham in trouble . big game for them next week vs fulham
great win for chelsea !! 
full time : west ham 0 chelsea 3 . lampard with 2 , oscar with the other . 
i never get to watch chelsea play anymore , it's either i wake up late or i have to go somewhere with my family
chelsea win 1 . arsenal 2 . chelsea 3 . liverpool 4 . manchester united ( if win against cardiff )
chelsea won <3 so fucking happy !!!
final , west ham 0-3 chelsea . marcaron lampard x2 y eto'o . 
is it bad i couldn't be arsed to watch the 2nd half and even less bothered by the ft score ? cheers fat sam . 
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea good win to get us back in shape for the league .
ft : chelsea 3 - west ham united 0
bayern and chelsea won ! nice result when you just got home from work :)
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea great game and we bounced back brilliantly ! well done to lampard who got a brace ! 26_cfcpk
and chelsea wins
it's full time chelsea 3-0 westham
full time . chelsea 3-0 west ham . :d
now this has been the chelsea/mourinho like efficiency we wanted ! 
yeaaaahhh ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . [ lampard 21 ', 82 ', oscar 34 ' ] 
early night fuck chelsea bunch of cuntsss
chelsea beating west ham wooooo go chelsea
standing chelsea no 3
full time . west ham united 0-3 chelsea .
full time : west ham united 0-3 chelsea 
chelsea won 3-0 , dortmund lose 3-0 haish ... its bvb
if chelsea does not come tonight this friendship is over !
chelsea just stomped all over west ham !
chelsea 3 west ham 0
the perfect away performance from chelsea . thought they played superbly ; oscar , lampard and eto'o were class tonight 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard , oscar , lampard ) . save 3 point , 3 goal and clean sheet ! 
yessss 3-0 for chelsea 
ft - chelsea 3 west ham united 0
my saturday is officialy complete . millwall win and chelsea beat west ham 
great performance chelsea ! comfortable win 3-0 ! 
ft west ham 0 chelsea 3 .. good win
west ham united 0-3 chelsea
well played chelsea !! great stuff as always ! ⚽️ 
clean sheet for chelsea
ft west ham united 0-3 chelsea fc 
fulltime chelsea 3-0 wast ham
full-time : west ham 0-3 chelsea . great win , back on track ! 
 : ( ft ) west ham united vs chelsea fc ( 0-3 ) 
chelsea play me ball today waiii .. ... great game by the blues ..
west ham well and truly beaten . unhappy hammers . chelsea were head and shoulders the better side .
still not satisfied with chelsea's performance ...
well done chelsea ! 
solid away win , 3 points and a clean sheet . well done chelsea .
wish i stuck to my chelsea bayern big double now . hope lands on napoli now shit the bed
ahay clean sheet brad ... thanks chelsea .. 
convincing and comfortable win for chelsea tonight . slowly but surely its going well .
chelsea may have beaten west ham tonight . but overall we are so much better . 
good save from cech in the last seconds to keep his clean sheet . the whistle blows . it ends west ham 0 chelsea 3 at upton park . "
chelsea won . silah is happy .
clean sheet for chelsea .. 
gran victoria blue 0-3 ( lampard x2 , oscar ) 
full time ; chelsea 3 westham 0 .. uuuuuup !!!
england ft : west ham 0 chelsea 3 
nice save by cech with 1 second left to retain a clean sheet . chelsea win 3-0 , solid play by all . happy days . 
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea ! man of the match goes to frank lampard !
3 good goals .. away clean sheet .. vital win .. well done chelsea 
thanks , lads . 
ft . westham united 0 - 3 chelsea 
the end .. chelsea 3 - 0 west ham united ! nice nice nice .. chelsea 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea lampard score his 207 goals for chelsea petr cech kept 200th clean sheet for chelsea 
ft . westhampton 0 - 3 . lampard scored his 207 goals for chelsea . 
great result for chelsea !!
good win for chelsea .
full time : westham 0 vs 3 chelsea . goal by : lampard ( p) , oscard , lampard . 
. chelsea fc back in the groove and the hammers can only blow bubbles .
full time : westham 0-3 chelsea 1 oscar , 2 lampard 
good win 4 chelsea 2day whu vs che 0-3 let's see if they continue keeping up the good work
it will be a massive loss to chelsea when frank lampard leaves . allways reliable 
ft chelsea 3-0 west ham ( lampard x2 , oscar ) 
 for title !
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . not a tough game and comfortably won . lamps with two , oscar scored another
chelsea with that w 👌 great game by lampard
chelsea beat west ham👏
brilliant game , well done chelsea !
love that performance everybody in our 11 put a shift in !! delighted !! chelsea !!!
finished 3-0 to bayern . pretty dominant stuff . likewise from chelsea . west ham look quite poor .
fantastic result for the blue . chelsea ! chelsea ! chelsea ! chelsea !
lets go ! chelsea take over liverpool and climb to 2nd in the table !
ft : chelsea-west ham utd ( 3-0 )
whoop !!!!!! 😏😘😍👌❤❤chelsea3nil vsingg westham aha !! xx
chelsea had the same score line with us ..
chelsea double tonight .. come on groves !!
ft west ham 0-3 chelsea move back to 3rd ! 
good win chelsea👏
west ham 0-3 chelsea ft great performance lets keep this up 
chelsea my team .... u've made mi proud !
 have just tortured west ham in their own manor .... jose mourinho bubble buster !! 
" 3-0 down and still outsinging chelsea " loool 90% of west ham fans left 15 minutes early
clarke's century , chelsea win ..... yup great weekend so far
chelsea and bayern both win 3-0
frank lampard is chelsea fc !!!!
west ham united vs . fc chelsea . final score : 0-3 
congratulation chelsea ! :d thanks lampard and oscar
 and winnings :d
final time chelsea 3-0 west ham .
ba .... offsides ! phew . thought that was 4-0 to chelsea . i would have been fuming !
lampard always does it ! 
chelsea , tidy performance and exceptional
thank you chelsea . goodnight .
well done chelsea , nice win ladsssss
how was that ba goal off ? lampard the legend 207 goals we are chelsea !!!!
& chelsea wins . it's gonna be a good day .
chelsea won yahoo
chelsea win 0-3 . bayen win 0-3 . chelsea fans <3 bayern fans <3 football is all about respect !! at the end of the day we r all footbal
big chelsea win ! now to get smashed 
ft : chelsea 3-0 west ham well played lampard oscar
30 mins until and chelsea and merstham have both won away . good day .
great match form the blues west ham 0-3 chelsea 
its all about chelsea , its all about lampard 
great game . sublime scoreline . 0-3 
lampard with 207 chelsea goals
chelsea beat west ham 4-0
chelsea number 3 yea
why didn't i stick munich on the £88 chelsea bet ! was so close but couldn't tempt myself
what a win from chelsea
if chelsea weren't in the champions league and spurs were , willmake tweetlist perfect and jump on our beta test team ? )
well done . full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea . what a nice game chelsea .
great win for chelsea . nice to see lampard with two goals . 
full-time : west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard nets twice to give chelsea the 3 points .
good job , chelsea !!!!
we have chelsea this year with mou mou ew
ft : west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
average age of the chelsea midfield must of been about 52 ? still quality though 
ft : west ham 0 - chelsea 3 ! thoughts ? who were your men of the match today :d 
ft- west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard's brace takes us second ! good game overall 
we deserved more goals though 
congrats , congrats 
ft at upton park and west ham have been comfortably dispatched 0-3 by chelsea . * ticks another team off the accumulator *
you decide if you wanna survive in this world of predators , ears : man utd : 17 trophies , chelsea : 13 trophies , sorry jose ,
yay yay chelsea won 3 - 0 i am happy he's happy as he's had a footie skype date xxx t u tomorrow
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ( lampard , oscar , lampard ) well done guys !!! 
chelsea won by 3 goals , bayern won by 3 goals . wat a way to end a saturday
ft : chelsea 3-0 west ham very convincing and impressive victory today , we jump to 2nd on the table 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard(2) , oscar . #3points 
chelsea always makes my day #1love 
yes chelsea !! fantastic game !!! back to how we should be 
congrats to petr cech for his 200th clean sheet as a chelsea player .. clinical chelsea , poor hammers !!! 
lampard has now score 207 goals for chelsea . 
so chelsea does the threesome to west ham
fulltime| west ham 0-3 chelsea . brilliant perfomance ! good game for us !!
full time west ham 0-3 chelsea . superb performance . mikel shows why he is important . lamps x2 and oscar the scorers . 
i pay no mind to chelsea fans
full time . west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard ( p) , oscar , lampard
ft : arsenal 2-0 southampton , west ham 0-3 chelsea ! go soton ! go chelsea !
final : chelsea 3 - 0 west ham united . blue is comin ' back baby , killem
chelsea : victory ! ☺ now for kaizer chiefs . ☺ let's! 4life
chelsea 3 west ham 0
how chelsea match a go ?
lampard played like a champ today !!!
207 goals now in a chelsea shirt , from midfield . easy stroll in the park , easy as 1 , 2 , 3 . what a player :) 
full-time west ham 0-3 chelsea . two goals from frank lampard & one from
chelsea won 3-0 . i'm calling i win my game 3-0 too😎
next match ! basel v chelsea . 26th nov , kick-off 02:45 wib . streaming . st. jakob-park . 
beautiful game chelsea fc thats more like it 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . a stroll in the ' upton ' park for mourinho's blues 
full time : chelsea 3-0 west ham lampard 2x oscar
fantastic game by chelsea ! man of the match is of course lampard sligthly ahead of mikel ! 
great win chelsea 2- west ham 0
full time whu 0 - 3 chelsea 
ft : westham 0-3 chelsea fc ... 
ft : west ham 0 - chelsea 3 . super frank lampard with a brace and a goal from oscar bayern munich pun menang bergaya 3-0 vs dortmund
lampard has 207 goals as a midfielder for chelsea
full time west ham 0 chelsea 3
looked much better from chelsea tonight
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea !! blue day !! 
so liverpool have had a good start to the season and chelsea a poor start yet their level on points ! 
chelsea winning 3-0 is too common .
come on chelsea !!!
final : west ham 0-3 chelsea . ' doblete ' de frankie lampard . 
good away day ! 
chelsea fc won today , now time for wcvb to win !! 😍😍😍
ft : west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea .... lampard ( 2) , oscar .. everly blues
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea ( frank lampard 21'p , 82 ', oscar 34 ' ) 
easy win for chelsea , now for the boxing 
impresiv chelsea .. thumbz up
lampard scores a brace as chelsea moves on . united need to win tomorrow
congratulations chelsea football club for this outstanding feat
chelsea and groves double would be lovelyyyy ....
if i was a girl , i'd deffo just get my titts out and do what chelsea fergo did 😁
no drama ... no drama at all at this derby . lol ! good for the heart :-) thats the way to come back from international break . come on chelsea !
charlie got me into watching the chelsea fc game
ft 3-0 .. chelsea fc👏❤
👏👏👏👏👏 well done chelsea 💋
3-0 chelsea , west ham are so shocking
west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
unbelievable that chelsea were 9/1 before the game , criminal
time over chelsea win west ham 3 0
no shots on target ? great . 
big win today chelsea !!!
missed the chelsea and bayern-dortmund games coz of work today . missed too much football coz of work this season ....
chelsea was on 
3-0 win for chelsea against westham .... 2 frank lampard goals and 1 from oscar 
solid win chelsea ! nothing better than seeing frank destroy the team that tried to ruin him !
 : west ham 0 - chelsea 3 ( lampard x2 , oscar) . resultado final
good win for chelsea and a brace for super frank lampard 
west ham was shit .. chelsea was average .. but i'll take the 3 points . 
chelsea win !! woot ! now it's time for my jog then lunch then homework all the rest of the day .
what a performance from chelsea best one so far this season by a mile ! oscar and hazard destroyed west ham tonight and lamps killing it ! :)
ft west ham united 0-3 chelsea 
ft - west ham 0-3 | fantastic performance and a perfect clean sheet ! well played boys : 3 !
ft west ham 0 vs 3 chelsea 207goal
fulltime west ham utd 0-3 chelsea (2 ) keep the blue flag flying high !!
 ft . whu 0 - 3 chelsea . utc . gap cut to 4pts .
ft . west ham utd 0-3 chelsea fc . goals by lampard ( pen . ) , oscar , and super frankie lampard . 207
chelsea played well ! lamps amazing , azpilicueta was awesome but oscar was the main man !
chelsea finish 3-0 . liverpool to remain second this week . ha .
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . ( lampard 21 ', 82 ', oscar 34 ' ) keep the blue flag flying high
ft ) west ham united [ 0 - 3 ] chelsea < england - premier league >
fulltime chelsea 3-0 westham 2 goal by my dear hubby frank lampard and oscar
probably won't get an easier win this season chelsea were great !! 
1 . arsenal 28pts / 2 . liverpool 24pts / 3 . chelsea 24pts 
1st arsenal . 2nd liverpool . 3rd chelsea
chelsea won 3-0 , good win .
good save from cech in the last seconds to keep his clean sheet . the whistle blows . it ends west ham 0 chelsea 3 at upton
chelsea wins 3-0 ... lampard two goalss👌
arsernal 28 liverpool 24 chelsea 24 yeayyy
full time . west ham 0-3 chelsea . 2 for lampard and 1 for oscar .
bayern and chelsea won 3-0 respectively . awesome . goodnights .
game won . job done . a league game won in november after some real long time 
we got those three point in bag well done chelsea 
chelsea all day everyday !
way to go super frank chelsea wins !!! beautiful day !
just seen the chelsea score , nice work my people !!
ft west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
fulltime west ham utd 0-3 chelsea (2 ) keep the blue flag flying high !!"
well done chelsea . 3-0 away . a super frankie show ... closing on at the top . 
good 2-0 win for chelsea ! ⚽😀👌👌😀⚽
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea fc . two goals from frank lampard & one from oscar 
thank you chelsea , lamp 2 - oscar 207 
blues blues blues . 3-0 chelsea over west ham
lampard loves chelsea , lampard loves chelsea !! 💙 motm ! 👏 207 goals👌👌
finalizado : west ham 0-3 chelsea . ( j12 )
chelsea no . 3 ! 🎉
frank lampard i love you ! definitely my favorite player ! 
👏👏 blue is the color of my heart 
we can't just run away from who we are , â€ “ brave trophies , to do that you have to beat the likes of chelsea ,"
petr cech 200 clean sheets for chelsea
finish ! we're at the second place . 0-3 for chelsea is lampard the man of the mach tonight with two goals ! one of oscar . !
chelsea won't have had an easier away win for a long time , they played well , west ham were poor , would like to see them relegated .
ft . westham ( 0 ) vs ( 3 ) lampscar * yeah ... keeptheblueflagflyinghigh
wins for bayern , chelsea , pirates , madrid ( pending) .. today was a good day
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea . great !
superlative performance by walloping by 3:0 to rekindle their title chase 
good game chelsea fc 
ft . 3 goals . 3 points . great match with loads of attacking flair . 
thx chelsea .
brilliant game , well done chelsea !
chelsea become the third side ever to reach 1500 points . well done lads !
great win for chelsea fc
fulltime : west ham 0-3 chelsea . [ lampard 21 ', 82 ', oscar 34 ' ] 
full time : westham 0 chelsea 3 . 
good job ur performance chelsea wuuu☐☐☐
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea 
lampard is a hero ! ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea fc 
chelsea is our heart .. you can't break our heart ..
fulltime . westham 0 - 3 chelsea tahniah the special one .
we just hammered west ham ! 3-0 
chelsea 3-0 win 👏👏👏
my dad had 3-0 to chelsea , guess that will brighten his mood , he's having a strop because the tv in the bathroom don't work😂
good game well played chelsea . #3points 
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea .
full time : chelsea 3-0 west ham
a great birthday win ! well done chelsea fc ! 👍👌🙌🙏
class performance there from chelsea good 3-0 win , oscar is such a sick player 
commanding from chelsea . they retain this fine capacity to claim that levelling win , just when a poor run looks set to become a problem .
great win for chelsea ! back into 3rd ! 
ft : westham 0-3 chelsea goal : lampard , oscar , lampard good game blues . ( y )
arsenal watch out for chelsea .
yeahh .. chelsea menang 
solid performance , played chelsea !!!
bayern & chelsea won 3-0 !!!: )))))
final chelsea 3 west ham 0 👌👏👏
stereotypical win for chelsea again :) :)
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . two from lampard , who loves trips back here ; one from oscar . chelsea much improved on recent form . hammers dire .
full time at boleyn ground !! it's chelsea with the victory . doesn't look like a contest . west ham 0-3 chelsea , it's over .
probably chelsea's best performance of the season 
how's chelsea doing ?
fuhhh finally chelsea win that match against west ham 3-0 xd 
3 points baby , man of the match 207 " ) .
strong performance from chelsea . last score : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ( lampard 2 goals and oscar) .
well done bluees !! 
time to sleep chelsea fans :p
impressive class act by the mighty chelsea ! lampard man of the match ! utc :)
chelsea would break their losing streak against west ham ..
chelsea up in stride
ft west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea half-time :( 0 - 2 ) match details : 21 ' 0 - 1 ( pen . ) frank lampard 34 ' 0 - 2 oscar 82 ' 0 - 3 frank lampard
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea 
chelsea win at west ham and go third in the table
final , west ham 0 chelsea 3 ( lampard 2 , oscar )
chelsea now clinch 3rd place on the bpl table after that win against west ham and after the saints lost against arsenal~
ft : 0-3 to chelsea . it's all over !
always nice beating westham ! even better when frank scores ! 
ft and west ham have been comfortably dispatched 0-3 by chelsea . * ticks another team off the accumulator *
as easy as 123 and and win , simple as that .
lampardd 😍😍😍 chelsea vs west ham 3-0 😍
gg chelsea , dortmund got eaten alive .. sigh bittersweet
lampard's goal tally for chelsea : 207
dominant performance from chelsea and a brilliant game to watch !! everybody was at their best especially lamps :d
chelsea❤️❤️ full time ❤️
nw i cn sleep peacefully .. chelsea and bayern munchen ...
chelsea wins !!!
knew i should of put a bet on 3-0 chelsea but i just refuse to bet against the hammers ..
well done chelsea
omg westham are sooooo shit they play shit football 1 shot on target in the hole game good team that's how u bet westham spurs haha
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea , good job lads !
full time @ upton park west ham 0 - 3 chelsea !
a strong , dominant performance by chelsea against west ham . why can't we play like this every week ? 
final score chelsea 3-0 west ham united . 
chelsea fans praising jose for his team selection . that dumbass actually let go of lukaku and kept torres .
lamps gets his 206th and 207th goal for chelsea and cech gets his 200th clean sheet . well done blues . 
what a save by cech in last minute ft west ham 0 - 3 chelsea 
 by chelsea . bottom 3 beckons .
full time west ham 0-1 chelsea 
arsenal win ... chelsea win ... bayer win .... liverpool escaped with a draw ..... worse saturday ever for me
oh well , onto chelsea next week 
great win !!! chelsea 3.0 west ham !! 
shit that chelsea scoring after 78 minutes has let me down on yes/no !
definitely one of the better performances chelsea have had this season
 chelsea 3 ( lampard 2 oscar 1 ) west ham 0 *
 west ham 0 - 3 chelsea finalizado
chelsea won ... yeah !
good win for chelsea , less than 30 mins until dw !
sweet , well done chelsea :-) 
done for tonight ! west ham 0-3 ( lampard ' 20 ' 80 , oscar ' 34 )
great win chelsea , we are 3rd place now 👍👍👍
 #3 
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea ! 
ft : west ham 0 chelsea 3 !! job done , 3 points sealed . off to sleep 
west ham united just got wrecked by chelsea lol
full-time : west ham 0-3 chelsea | goals by : lampard ( 2) , oscar
keep calm and love : **
good shit chelsea !
the classic chelsea win 3-0 west ham untied 
chelsea on par with liverpool with the same gd . 👍
chelsea 3-0 
one of the more convincing chelsea performances this season . they looked like potential champions on the road for the first time this season
chelsea is the best cook besides my momma and gma and ms. tiff but she top 4 in the world lol
good result for chelsea today , finally a clean sheet and lampard deserved motm , coyb !
get in chelsea ! ⚽️
west ham 0 - chelsea 3 #2easytoday
good win for chelsea now just need groves to iron out froch 👊
yes chelsea . 3 points in the bag . perfect sat . chelsea win , crusaders win and flfc win ! !
3 points , & a clean-sheet . chelsea move upto third place in the league table . 
this is chelsea's first premier league win in november in two years .
yes , we stay 2nd in the table on goals scored as chelsea have the same gd as us on +11 .
3-0 away wins in der klassiker and the neo nazi derby for bayern & chelsea , respectively .
full time . west ham o - 3 chelsea
chelsea just kicked ass
chelsea played well <3
next 3 westham games define our season for me ... all 3 below us !!!
west ham 0-3 chelsea at upton park . superfrank ! 
dortmund lost chelsea won
full-time west ham 0-3 chelsea . two goals from frank lampard & one from oscar move
that's munich and chelsea though , just need milan now ...
full time . west ham 0-3 chelsea , blue day 
full time . west ham utd 0-3 chelsea and borussia dortmund 0-3 bayern . great games .
go 
chelsea light moving mountains / matmos def / sleepy sunn o ))) / pity sex pistols / bruce cockburning airlines 
full time west ham 0-3 chelsea ( 2 ) : * happy blue day :d
chelsea all the way
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea fc lampard 20 ' ; oscar 34 ' lampard 81 ' 
 ..! 
chelsea have won a premier league game in november for the first time in 8 matches . previous win was against wolves on 26th nov 2011 . 
full time 3-0 west ham united . 2 goal , 
chelsea = ew bayern= yuk fcb= champions
207th chelsea goal for super frank today 
comfortable win for chelsea 
great win , chelsea's best performance this season in the league
goood job blues chelsea
a great away performance by chelsea . 4-3-3 did the trick . and once again supeerrr fraannnkk ! 
we are chelsea
brilliant performance from the team , away from home . and the biggest performance came for " super frankie lampard ." 3-0 to chelsea ! 
ft : west ham 0 vs 3 chelsea ... thanks god ... 
ft : west ham united 0-3 chelsea !!! lampard scored brace while oscar scored one goal . 
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . lampard ( p ) , oscar , lampard . good blues :d (y ) 
1 . arsenal 28 points 2 . liverpool 24 ponts 3 . chelsea 24 points
still 2nd then . thank god chelsea didn't score 1 more
well done chelsea ! well done and ! 
whu 0-3 chelsea 
ft : west ham united 0-3 chelsea ~ petr cech clean sheet
chelsea got emojis by her name . our friendship is moving up levels . 😏👌💕
chelsea 3-0 west ham . oscar , lampard 2x 207
chelsea up rank no 3 . power betei .
full time : chelsea 3-0 west ham 
fulltime west ham utd 0-3 chelsea ( 17 ', 82 ' ) ( 34 ' ) keep the blue flag flying high !!
and its a wrap we take home 3 crucial points chelsea 3-westham 0
 remain 2nd , 4 points off top , ahead of chelsea on goals scored .
 is a chelsea fan !
arsenal n chelsea win . united need to win tomorrow .
solid result from chelsea 
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard , oscar , lampard .. 
ft verdict : very comfortable victory for chelsea 0-3 @ upton park and another massive 3pts !!! sad to see mata can't make a subs appearance☹
good game tonight ! 
chelsea is so good
ft : west ham vs chelsea 0-3 { oscar , lampard , lampard } 
great win chelsea !
 resultados : newcastle united 2-1 norwich city / stoke city 2-0 sunderland / arsenal 2-0 southampton / west ham 0-3 chelsea
west ham got fucked up by chelsea 3-0 swoop
it's all over ! chelsea run out 3-0 winners .
fulltime : chelsea 3-0 west ham united
chelsea yous 3rd ye
[ ft ] west ham 0-3 chelsea . ( 21 ' pen ; 82 ' lampard , 34 ' oscar )
easy for chelsea . as easy as 1 2 3 - 0 .
chelsea 3-0 west ham !!! with 2 !! much needed 3 pts for 
excellent performance ! well done chelsea for bouncing back brilliantly !! 
fulltime west ham utd 0 - 3 chelsea ( lampard , oscar , lampard ) 
stoke and chelsea won = my weekend completed😍
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea .. lampard 2 gol oscar 1 gol .. 
kudos to chelsea as they get a win ! west ham 0-3 chelsea
chelsea don't need striker to score ... tell lukaku to stay at everton !
superb 3-0 victory , well done chelsea !!!!
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . 3 goals for 3 points . we're back on the track !
great show boys ! love you frank lampard . good 3 points . 
chelsea clean sheet❤️👌
2 of my dads mates have just won 1300 on a bet- chelsea to win 3-0 lampard to score first , 66/1
frank lampard has now scored 207 goals for chelsea ! 34_fp
chelsea now back in the top 3 . it will do for now . 
nice win chelsea
chelsea on no . 3 on the table now
i hope super frank doesn't get in the england squad this summer . his talent is wasted in that team of also-rans . ! come on chelsea !
chelsea boyyy !
wish chelsea would have dropped points
good win for chelsea today !
full-time west ham 0-3 chelsea . keep the blue flag flying high !
3-0 . not bad chelsea . 2 goals from lampard and a goal from oscar . awesome !! xd
welcome to chelsea willian ! and you can see his first interviewave nothing else , if you have it , you have everything ,
chelsea in 2nd place with liverpool with the same number of goals , 3-0 win but next game gotta rape
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea - chelsea thrash a poor west ham side .
♥chelsea fc♥
ft at upton park . it has ended 0-3 
easy does it chelsea👌
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea . [ lampard 21'p , 82 ', oscar 34 ' ] 
comfortable win for & great to see back on the scoresheet . keeping up the pressure nicely !
chelsea 3-0 west ham . their first premier league clean sheet in over two months ( september 21 vs fulham ) and only second away win in league .
west ham 0-3 chelsea .... easy
full time west ham 0 vs 3 chelsea fc ... super frangky lampard 2 , oscar 1 😙😄 posisi ke 3 hahaha
chelsea in 3rd place on 24 points from 12 games , on par with liverpool on goal difference ( 11 ) 
ft- chelsea 3-0 whu 
chelsea won 3-0 against west ham 😂😂
whu 0-3 che ft . gudjob ! 
i'm sorry but if we loose next weekend . sam has to go and we are in the relegation battle . hard work starts now westham
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea goal by : lampard 21 " ( p ) 82 " & oscar 34 " 
full time ! chelsea 3-0 west ham !!! 😊 
chelsea will stay third this weekend , regardless of what happens tomorrow !
chelsea x munchen 3:3 mantap !!
congrats to essien on his 250th chelsea appearance . "
chelsea win it !! west ham 0 - chelsea 3
west ham united 0-3 chelsea fc ( lampard'21p ,' 82 , oscar'34 )
good save cech ! youre really awesome .. :) and with that , chelsea win by 3-0 to west ham .. good match , nice win .
3 more points for chelsea . how good that sounds . every time !
good away win for chelsea , lampard different class yet again , interesting to hear what big sam's got to say
ft : west ham 0 vs 3 chelsea .. that why we are only one tim in london ... :))
im bouta scare chelsea yall
 so proud of my boys welldone chelsea fc
not satisfied with the way chelsea is playing right now . but we won , that's what matters . 
and frank lampard continues to hunt westham .......
ft chelsea 3-0 west ham . happy saturday , everyone .
ah well wasn't expecting westham to win anyway
full time west ham 0 chelsea 3 .. great performance
se acabo ! 207 
full time : west ham - chelsea 3 . (lampard 21 ' 82 ', oscar 34 ' )
good performance by chelsea !
what a match for chelsea . chelsea literally dominated the match . oscar's & hazard's brilliance made the match way interesting .
chelsea wins 3-0 over west ham .
great win for chelsea ! didn't even go into top gear ! 
3-0 chelsea 
ft west ham 0 chelsea 3 ... back to third in the pl
thank god for chelsea . 
90mins of yoga while chelsea put one away three nil . not sure which did more for my zen .
excellent win chelsea
as predicted chelsea comfortably win ....
................. and sigh 
ft . whu 0-3 chelsea . it's gonna be 207 <3
1st assnil 2nd looserpool 3rd chelsea fc ( soon to be number 1 )
well , alhamdulillah ... congrats chelsea .. thanks lampard , oscar , and others .. :)
my chelsea won 3-0 too !
another great win by arsenal ! now 4 points clear of liverpool & chelsea . 
poor game to easy for chelsea 
.. spencer matthews from made in chelsea and she has pictures of them both and she going to post then online ! now she flying home 2austrailer
well done chelsea 3:0
if any chelsea fans raves about lampard , he's so past it shhhh
chelsea away win against west ham . lampard is still the best . 
good job , chelsea ; turrible , west ham - just turrible .
well done lads 
chelsea's back to 3rd position on epl table . ;) 
chelsea bossed it !
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea . dominant the entire game , never looked like cracking . ( lampard x2 , oscar )
west ham united 0 vs 3 chelsea | full time . 
chelsea stats : lampard 207 goals , petr cech 200 clean sheets plz rt
full time chelsea win 3-0 west ham . goal frank lampard 21min(penalty ) 82min oscar 34min
ft- west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard's brace takes us third ! good game overall 
is bayern and chelsea playing live ?
thanks to all chelsea players , who were on the field tonight ! :) blue is the colour !
fantastic result for the blue . chelsea ! chelsea ! chelsea !
willian will wear number 22 at chelsea , hreatened me ,, i had done nothing , i turned him to him and spoke softly
good win for chelsea . happy with their performance but they need a better striker . nonetheless , well played :)
chelsea win a game !! woohoo get the champaign out
comfortable win , chelsea moves to 2nd place edging liverpool on goal difference . 
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea .. yeaahh !! 
west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard con doblete y oscar para redondear :)
final score = chelsea 3 - 0 west ham
put £1 on chelsea 3-0 wish i put more on now !
hahaahaha welcome to the mind of chelsea
if united win tomorrow we move into the top 4 and would be then only 1 point behind chelsea and liverpool .
nice 3 nill win chelsea
 . 3 -0
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . just fantastic . nothing sweeter than a victory at upton park with super frank lampard goals . 
#1ddaylive i'm watching west ham lose to chelsea on the tv and watching #1dday on the computer
brilliant day sheff utd and chelsea won an wednesday lost 😂
as if my 87p first goalscorer bet on giroud came in .. then the change from that of 35p on chelsea 3-0 has just come in ..
3-0 to chelsea . what an awesome result for the blues . 
chelsea won ! haters , where are you tho ?
great save from cech in the last seconds to keep his clean sheet . the whistle blows . it ends west ham 0 chelsea 3 at upton park .
fulltime : west ham utd 0-3 (2 ) keep the blue flag flying high !! 
would have love westham to have beaten chelsea just to annoy my brother
great performance and victory for chelsea
congrats chelsea .. thank u frank lampard for the 1st and last goals of today's match . u r truly legend . 3points !
 solid from back to front & unstoppable . 
nice win for chelsea ....
chelsea no . 2 on the table
i love chelsea with all of my soul 
chelsea deh a 3rd :') pon the board
 in solid assured performance wins 3-0 away at . mom nice assist and 2 goals . 
england - premier league ft west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
final : west ham 0-3 chelsea segundo lugar en la 
there three certain things in life , death , taxes and chelsea winning !!!! kfbffh
 
great victory of !!!!!!!! west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ( lampard 21 ' penal y 82 ', óscar 34 ' ) 
we made lampard and he kisses the chelsea badge .. highest level of disrespect there in my opinion
my predictions on westham-chelsea come to pass . 0-3
fulltime : westham united 3-0 chelsea
awkward when i'm the only chelsea fan in a west ham filled household
yes ah chelsea ! clean sheet !
congrats petr cech for his 200th clean sheet in chelsea shirt .
good performance from chelsea tonight , good to see frank lampard getting back on the score sheet as well 
we love you chelsea , yes we do !
loll chelsea & i were hype about fancy friday & we won't even have school
give chelsea and erica a birthday shoutout love you guys to death <3
super frankie lampard is chelsea blue !!!!!!! 
west ham never fail to disappoint me . sign me up il show wat it means 2 b an iron u cunts . makes it worse that i live in chelsea area .
chelsea won
yes !!! woohooo !!!! finally a win after so long !!! keep it up !!! chelsea !! ktbffh !! ctid !!! 
chelsea with a solid 3-0 win 👌⚽️
bvb vs b . munchen ( 3-0 ) <=> westhamu vs chelsea ( 3-0 ) ..
impressive away win , lampard 2goals , grab 3points , 3rd on pl table .. well played chelsea ...
congrats to petr cech on his 200th clean sheet & to michael essien on his 250th game for chelsea . 
applauding the away support as he always , always does - win , draw or lose . sir frank james lampard of chelsea fc .
mourinho we the chelsea fans in cameroon are happy with your work at the bridge . you're really the one # .
chelsea's leading though . :d
if chelsea play like this every week we can surely finish 1st or 2nd !
full time ! west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard x 2 , oscar )
chelsea on same points with the liverscum .
great win chelsea ! now just need carl froch to knock out groves !!!! 
- west ham 0-3 | fantastic performance and an away clean sheet . perfect .
chelsea's players go over to applaud the away end - who by now are practically the only people left in upton park . great support today .
and now chelsea up to 3rd place , hehehe 👯👯
full time = chelsea 3-0 w . ham lampard-2 oscar-1 good night
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . great performance from blues . lampard x2 and oscar w/ 1 . 
good job chelsea .. nice dream .. 
frank lampard is chelsea
chelsea 3rd
full time : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea fc goals : lampard x2 & oscar next match : ucl vs . basel ( a ) tuesday ! :)
chelsea win tonight , goodnight
 , , ... and the story continues as the year draws to an end .
3-0 wins for chelsea and bayern ... what an awesome football weekend
chelsea , bayern , madrids . lets have you
live text commentary where there are premier league wins for chelsea , arsenal , newcastle , palace , stoke and swansea .
final score-west ham utd 0 -chelsea 3 .. a brace from lampard n a goal from oscar brings them to 2nd ahead of liverpool in bpl table ! :d
great win from chelsea 2nd in the table
england - premier league ft west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
why did chelsea have to play so well
 remain 2nd , 4 points off top , ahead of chelsea on goals scored .
woohoo west ham 0-3 chelsea 😃 ⚽️
£25 win today :) had leicester to win 2-1 and chelsea to win 3-0 
thank you chelsea . it's been a while .
stampled on by bayern an stample on westham wat a day
chelsea won but unfortunately i couldn't watch the whole match . anyway , i'm happy about the result ( 3-0 ) . 
3-0 pour chelsea . haters gonna hate
3 - 0 good result 
i think the december matches will open up the league , sure play chelsea , spurs , city 1/2
ft : chelsea 3-0 whu scorer by : lampard 2x & oscar <3 
great away win for chelsea . super 2 goals by super frankie lampard . 
full time : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea fc happy blue day
35 years old and still performing 
full-time ! west ham 0-3 chelsea . 2 goals from lampard n ' another from oscar . 
first day over , chelsea won and vettel set for pole now to decide whether to go out or not :/ hmmm
full time at upton park stadium west ham 0 vs chelsea 3 
liverpool and chelsea now have the same points and goal difference but we remain 2nd :d
nice little win on my bet 
full time chelsea 3-0 west ham utd frank lampard ' 21(penalty ) oscar ' 34min frank lampard ' 82min .... awesome game !!! ktbffh .....
lampard to score first and chelsea to win 3-0 at 70/1 
nice to see chelsea pick up all 3 points today .
chelsea left her phone and her keys in the car .. bye bitch ✋🙋
west ham poor , chelsea looked good . 0-3 
chelsea & bayern won 3-0 . goodnight .
get in well done chelsea a good win today . keep pushing forward for the new year !!!
great team win today sluggish at times in the 2nd half , but overall a dominant performance . finally got a clean sheet !! 
ft : westham united 0 vs 3 chelsea fc . lampard 2 ( y )
some people have no idea why they support chelsea
ft : west ham united 0-3 chelsea . good performance by the blues . lampard and oscar with the goals .
only 1 of my 4 predictions tonight came true and that's chelsea winning . the rest have either lost ( s'hampton & dortmund ) or draw ( everton )
that was a load of shit but being a fan i'm used to it and as much at it pains me i will keep supporting the !!
frank lampard took his tally to 207 in chelsea shirt 
we remain 2nd in the league standing ahead of chelsea but only on goal difference
clean sheet and a win at last in the epl for chelsea
cech has kept his 146th pl clean sheet & his 205th overall for chelsea . he needs 3 more to equal bonetti's record of 208 . ”
full time . congratulations chelsea , keep going on for the blues 
chelsea till i die
yeayy torres yeayyy ! yeayyy yeayyy chelsea yeayyy !
west ham just got served . in style . super frank brace . brilliant game from oscar . great stuff from azpilicueta . well done chelsea 💙👍 
ft .. west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea .
it's all over ! chelsea run out 3-0 winners .
chelsea keep up the pace for the title race will the manchester's falter tomorrow ?
westhammered ! excellent chelsea performance , & 2 more for super frank ! 3-0 and on the up .
i'm laughing so hard right now , chelsea has walked away with all 3 pts and in second place . why can't chelsea fans let jose work his magic ?
the whistle blows . it ends west ham 0 chelsea 3 at upton park 
ft . westhampton 0 - 3 . lampard scored his 207th goals for chelsea . 
ft : whu 0-3 chelsea | two goals from lampard and one goal from oscar :) ( y ) 
full time chelsea 3-0 west ham ... great victory , very good attacking and a clean sheet ! great win boys !
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea goal by : lampard 21 " ( p ) 82 " & oscar 34 " 
full time 3-0 chelsea wins ( y ) yeayyy !!
alhamdulillah chelsea menang , lampard , oscar and lampard again . good job ! 
6:25 am #13cabs is currently experiencing delays in . should clear up within 20 mins .
good work chelsea
all these pikey westham fans kicking off over lampard , we joined a better club ! 
apparently askin westham 4 a win against chelshit is askin 4 2 much ? shame !
chelsea win weekmatch-12 3-0 from west ham united
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea fc ( f . lampard pen 21 , 82 , oscar 34 )
tottenham always running , arsenal running too we are the chelsea boot boys and we're coming after you
 0 vs 3 : 
west london derby ! !! 
chelsea fc !!!!!!!!!!! that club turns me on
its another win for chelsea woot ..... woot :d 
whoop whoop . chelsea won , kaizer chiefs better do the same
thank you chelsea :) thank you pirates
0-3 in your rivals ' back yard . chelsea .
 | frank lampard sigue rompiendo records con .
grandee chelsea !
i fucking hate chelsea .
full-time : west ham united 0-3 chelsea 
full-time : west ham united 0-3 chelsea 
we need to push on from here . there is only one way from here and that's up the table . come on chelsea .
full-time : west ham united 0-3 chelsea 
come on west ham fans it could be worse ! 4 nil 
chelsea played they're best football in that game 💯💯💯💯💯
great game west ham , well played . nearly as good as the chelsea fans yar yar yar
all i asked of you chelsea , was that you lose . but you just don't listen :\
chelsea and stevenage . two away wins . decent day .
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . comfortable for . hammers never really got going . report to follow .
final . west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . 
ft : west ham vs chelsea ( 0 - 3 ) 
chelsea win , doctor who tonight , 7 hours of 1d , two of my best friends are here and i'm going out tonight . bit happy right now .
chelsea win
i couldn't hear a difference in the west ham support's volume when their fans began to bail . how funny is that ? 
cool , chelsea won
full time : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea " lampard ( penalty) , oscar , lampard " * ktbffh
that was lampard's 206 and 207 goals for chelsea . three points and a clean sheet . we're back on business .
great win for chelsea 
ft- westham 0-3 chelsea . lamps with a brace and oscar added 1 .
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . the blues outplayed and outscored the hammers and full value for the win . 
well done chelsea great result onwards and upwards had lovely day shopping with savannah in between her dance lesson
ft : west ham utd 0-3 chelsea lampard(2) , oscar keep the blue flag flying high !! 
 chelsea re the best london club ever
chelsea win 3-0 ktbffh
home alone but have chelsea game , xfactor , i'm a celeb , then froch vs groves . don't need anyone ! 🙌🙏
can someone who watched the chelsea game tell me how many corners and how much added time there was ? 
am still on top of chelsea , like a boss 😎😎
derby/leicester winnings lumped onto bayern/chelsea 
a convincing clean sheet win for chelsea . do the same at basel in the cl !
next chelsea match on 2nd dec against southampton 
that bloke is chelsea through and through !
how many goals has lampard scored for chelsea altogether ?
next 3 games against all 3 teams in relegation zone !!! if we don't get at least 6 points i reckon it will be goodbye sam ! 
blues on top 3 ... lampard the grt .. amazing show ... chelsea never give up ...
prolly best night of my life haha chelsea & bayern both won 3-0
£120 from a bayern , chelsea and arsenal treble . easy money !
this is chelsea's first premier league win in november in two years . 
epl , final : westham 0 chelsea 3 ( lampard x2 , oscar )
chelsea are clads
bayern 3-0 dortmound/chelsea 3-0 westham
fulltime : chelsea 3 - 0 west ham
chelsea win this game ... hahaha
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea ! lampard scores twice and oscar scored once to secure chelsea a big victory ! ktbffh
3-0 chelsea wins !!!
a chelsea win and the doctor who 50th in just a bit ! 
ft : westham united 0 vs 3 chelsea . * lampard ( p) , oscar , lampard . 
a clean sheet and three point for chelsea .
a satisfactory 0-3 win in next up- vs basel ! 
fabregas now keeps the goal for chelsea ? who would have imagined such a transition hehehehe 
blueday * beer * ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . [ lampard 21 ', 82 ', oscar 34 ' ] * beer**wine * <=- p\ =d /
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea , goal by lampard , oscar , lampard .
chelsea in third place on epl !!! well done dude ♥ 
liverpool stay second on goals scored after chelsea's win against west ham .
full time at upton park . it's west ham united 0-3 chelsea . ( lampard(p) , oscar , lampard ) super frank ! 3 point .
hammered in a bar in rome , the only chelsea fan - representing when everyone turns & looks at me when i go crazy we scored ! 
ft : west ham united 0-3 chelsea 💪
well ... chelsea just dominated west ham in that game ... felt like a training match at points ... how they miss carroll or a proper target man .
lukaku is an absolute monster . will be such a huge loss next season for everton and such a massive gain for chelsea
lampard 10 games without a goal and finally broke that streak .. 3-0 for chelsea .. molor aweuu
full time . west ham 0-3 chelsea . lampard ( 2) , oscar . 
good , good game by chelsea . the curse of november exorcised .
chelsea all the way .
good job blues !!!!!!! west ham 0-3 chelsea
3-0 wins for bayern over dortmund and chelsea over west ham . sc up 42-0 early . furman up 24-14 late . great day of sports so far !
keep the blue flag flying high ! blue is the colour ! chelsea fc ! :-) let's go to the clubs now ! yeah !!!
one life one colour one club . chelsea football club
ft : westham united 0-3 chelsea | lampard brace and oscar one goal , 207 \m/
good win , good performance ! . cfc 3 - 0 westham
mbrook chelsea 💙💙💙💙 lampard man of the match 💙💙💙💙
what a win for chelsea !
well done chelsea
great game . believe in mourinho and chelsea . goodnight guys . ^____^
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea ! great 3 points away from home , just what we needed after international break .
convincing win for chelsea
chelsea menang 3-0 .. real madrid in match .. stat rm 1-0 almeira
full-time west ham 0-3 chelsea . two goals from frank lampard & one from oscar move
yes 3-0 for chelsea brilliant !!! 
ft : whu 0 - 3 chelsea today is :)
fairly easy opposition . lots of room for improvement from . happy for the three points still . next ! 
fantastic performance from chelsea today 
what a win for chelsea and what a legend frank lampard is
anddddd . congrats chelsea . 3-0 too right ? sek sek bayern ni 💙💙💙
'o played really well tonight , looking fitter and sharper each game 
chelsea and brighton wins⚽️👌
easy win for chelsea . 3-nil .
ft : west ham utd 0-3 chelsea . lampard brace and oscar with the other . azpilicueta with his best performance as a lb . 
up the blues ! 
chelsea are back ' ello ello !
pep g was a coward to select munich . if he had guts would have taken on chelsea or city .
full-time : chelsea 3-0 west ham
great result . chelsea 3-0 westham .
me : chelsea won mom : jebote chelsea hahah love mom
pathetic display by west ham united . that was an unacceptable performance . stroll in the park ( upton ) for chelsea . well done super frank .
just what i expected 
chelsea with the 3-0 win over west ham !! lampard with the double ! 
if you're a hammer , everything looks like a nail . today , chelsea are the hammers with a solid 3-0 over west ham .
" epl – result : west ham united 0-3 chelsea "
and this shower want a bigger stadium ... don't make me laff .. 
 - west ham united , 3-0 nice chelsea ' nice lampard ( 2) , oscar(1 ) 
love that chelsea ! 3-0 at upton park with a lamps double will do any day . stick your little bubbles up your arse you pikey cunts !!
barca 4 chelsea 3 bayern 3 what more could i ask for ? 3 teams - 10 goals
west ham united 0-3 chelsea 👎👎👎
great victories for my teams chelsea fc fc barcelona fc bayern munich
my favorite players in chelsea scored today . 
whaddup chelsea ! ⚽️
chelsea wit the win 👏👏👏🙌💙⚽️
chelsea up to 3rd place in the league with 24 points . 
4-6-0 needs to go ! 1 good surprise game with that formation isn't the way forward for us :-( 
well played chelsea 
chelsea up to 3rd place in the league with 24 points .
gud wok 4rm chelsea player
final whistle ! chelsea 3-0 west ham . 2 goals from lampard and 1 goal from oscar !
fulltime west ham utd 0-3 chelsea (2 ) keep the blue flag flying high !!
chelsea fans doubtin mourinho choice with lampard start , you have u̶̲̥̅̊я̲̅ answer !
good win for chelsea set me up for a good night out
i still wouldn't rule chelsea out of the title race
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea ! ( lampard x2 & oscar ) well done guys ! ! ! 4ever ! :))
final time west ham 0 - 3 chelsea 21 , 82 34
basel fans should be expecting a win from chelsea this coming tuesday .
full time : chelsea 3-0 whu kawal prmainan ... man of match ... 
chelsea will never have a player like lampard ever again
west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea . doblete del capitan legendario del chelsea , frank lampard . 
west ham 0-3 chelsea who score ? lampard x2 & oscar
what's that ? oh yeah , that's the sound of winning . great game tonight !
3-0 win to chelsea !
ft . west ham vs chelsea 0-3 scorers : 21 ' lampard pen . 34 ' oscar 82 ' lampard 
dortmund lose to bayern , chelsea whip west ham , c ronaldo scores for madrid but rain still keeping me at agomeda , outside accra .
sweet and smooth win for chelsea ... many thanks to our committed fans who turned hammers ' arena into blues's home ...
chelsea are unbeaten in their last seven london derbies in the league ( w5 , d2) .
basel this week . southampton next weekend . busy week ! but good win today ! 
dortmund lose to bayern , chelsea whip west ham , c ronaldo scores for madrid but rain still keeping me at agomeda , outside accra .
full time : west ham united , dortmund 0-3 chelsea , munchen
great performance by chelsea today . well deserved 😃 
what a quality weekend it has been though . england playing brilliantly in the cricket and west ham playing chelsea of the park today .
ft : west ham united 0-3 chelsea fc ( two goals lampard , one goals oscar do santos )
match ended chelsea won 3-0 niiiice
victoria del chelsea . go blues
didn't sky lower the sound on the cameras this week because of the abuse we give the chelsea players
oscar vs west ham : 1 goal , 3 shots , 3 chances created , 7 tackles , 1 clearance . now 5 league goals on season , chelsea's top league scorer .
well done chelsea and unlucky bvb . half decent from st mirren . onwards and upwards as i always say . 
meanwhile , chelsea win . so all 3 matches ended up exactly how i didn't want them to . still , hope we do out job tomorrow . 
finishes 3-0 to chelsea , and on that performance , i genuinely think that west ham are now in a relegation battle 
 livescore- ft - west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea [ frank lampard 21 ' pen . 82 ' oscar 34 ' ]
great form displayed by chelsea . scored 3 goals , clean sheet , and played as one , cohesive unit . motm has to be either césar or oscar .
well done chelsea .....
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea ! * keep the blue flag flying high
statistics : shots ( on target ) : west ham 7 ( 0 ) - chelsea 20 ( 8) , ball possesion : west ham 45% - chelsea 55%
ft at boleyn ground . fantastic away win for chelsea . thanks to super frankie lampard . defenders were amazing tonight ! 
we love you chelsea lampard
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . lampard 2 goals and oscar 1 goal . !
cech has kept his 146th pl clean sheet & his 205th overall for chelsea . he needs 3 more to equal bonetti's record of 208 .
great chelsea performance
ft : westham o - 3 chelsea " the blues could have easily won the match with a bigger margin at upton park !!
congratulations chelsea and bayern munich you have money , must be excellent buying success .
good win chelsea lads 😊
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . lamps with two and oscar with the other .
not as glam a 3-0 away win for chelsea . still a good result and performance though .
the think with mata is personal . mourinho knows this , but he's keeping it in the closet through chelsea's brilliant performances .
full-time : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea
awsome day for arsenal and chelsea
love the performance tonight from chelsea 
chelsea go third behind liverpool . both teams obviously minding the gap between them and the top 
good 3-0 win for chelsea there with super frank scoring 2 
bayern and chelsea just made my night
west ham united vs chelsea 0-3
good job chelsea !!
3 great european teams . chelsea , barca and bayern , over 2 goals each .
let's go blues !!! 💙
rip southampton dan westham
love it 3-0 chelsea
what a performance from chelsea 10/10 , great win👌 
meant the bayern game , fuck chelsea
 full time : west ham 0-3 ( lampard 21p , 82 ; oscar 34 ) chelsea 
seemed so chelsea changed their formation tonight to 4-3-3 worked very well should retain it atleast in pl 
“ imagine : bayern can beat chelsea ...... beat barca ......... beat whoever ....... but , they know who deir daddy is .....!!!!! ”
ft : chelsea win 3-0 . congrats to all my babessss ! 
me : chelsea won mom : jebote chelsea gotta love her
still say it's chelsea or man city for the title .... happy for nufc to finish 3rd this season 
chelsea . whew . 3-0 win finally
good game by chelsea and a clean sheet is what i want to see !
alright we'll done chelsea , oscar deserved man of the match though
full time : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea fc | !
 newcastle 2 - 1 norwich stoke 2 - 0 sunderland west ham 0 - 3 chelsea
nice one chelsea !!!
3-0 win for chelsea . much needed 3 points 
final inglaterra | west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ( lampard x2 y oscar ) 
ft : chelsea 3-0 westham . #2nd 207 48
madrid n chelsea at the same damn time !!!!! 
just watch how southampton will turn up against chelsea next week like they didn't play shit today . this life is beans . cold one .
west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard(2) , oscar ) 
tbh when lamp and says he's going to retire from chelsea i'll be so sad i remembered all those games he had back then with ballack & drogba
chelsea ... hebaaaat 
chelsea till i die 
bayern munich is too far strong than real madrid barcelona chelsea ! chelsea bus park won't work against bayern barcelona madrid psg trust me
good game chelsea , enjoyed watching that
there we go chelsea . back to third place , lampard with two goals that game :d 
forever chelsea .. yeahh ..
 
ft : west ham : 0 vs 3 : chelsea 
0-3 . 82 ' frank lampard scores for chelsea !
when will frank lampard stop scoring goals for chelsea ? 
 for life
go'arrrrrn chelsea . 3 points in the bag 💙⚽️ 
full time : chelsea 3-0 west ham
westham played absolutely terrible . if we loose next weekend then i've got my money on allerdyce going
if chelsea takes a screenshot i will stab her . 
3-0 nill to chelsea 
final : west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard x2 , oscar )
3 points !!!! ars 28 - 24 - liver 24
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea ! 3 point 3 goal , cleansheet petr cech ! perfect chelsea ! 
 full time ; west ham 0 - 3 chelsea
i love chelsea
chelsea cruised through west ham
chelsea win the game with three goal !
how will u call robben a chelsea product , how many matches did he play as a chelsea player
satisfied with today's game chelsea won 3- 0
in 2001 , chelsea paid £11m for a guy called frank lampard . the best £11million ever spent 
final . chelsea 3-0 west ham . 
yes ! derby win 1-0 and chelsea win 3-0 ! great day ! 👍
good chelsea fc won convinsinly
thanx chelsea .. thanx my team .. thanx my favs player osc & lamp  . 
fuck me chelsea just forced the door open
ft west ham 0-3 chelsea , chelsea r 3nd for the night .....
chelsea : a team where should a striker exist , is just to accomodate the striking midfielders and linebackers ..
whtid but that was woeful against chelsea allardyce out !!! 
3 points for chelsea . yeahh ! 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea ; vintage stuff from super frank lampard . three points and a clean sheet , well deserved . 
first tweet . just spoke to my pal roger who's been to the west ham v chelsea match . chelsea won 3.0 . hooray !!!!
well done & 
ooo didn't know atletico/real madrid were playing after chelsea . guess i'm not leaving the couch after all .
, west ham 0-3 chelsea 
thanks thank you 207 
chelsea 3 - 0 west ham utd , ( lampard ( 2 ) oscar ( 1 ) )
win tomorrow and we're back in the top four ! 1 point behind chelsea and the scousers ! hahaha , the crisis continues .......
dats how chelsea fc made my day ...... yeaaaaaaa
nice job done my chelsea boiz ! 3pts and clean sheet is what matters ! shame to those fans of little faith that manages chelsea on twitter 
st scholastica senior chelsea johnson wins ncaa division iii national cross country title today , a first for saints program
who scored for chelsea ?
full-time : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea
chelsea back to winning ! dortmund can kiss the league goodbye .
good win for chelsea tonight , its now all about froch v groves !! 👊
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . one of the best away performances so far in the league . dave & lampard were the stars of the show . 3 points 
man i hate 
congrats chelsea !
chelsea we love u , through and through . we love u chelsea yes we do 
ft - a great result for chelsea and a clean sheet at last . west ham need a striker ... 0-3 
well done too all chelsea players and the fans who travel to west ham .
chelsea won 3-0 hopefully this will be the rangers score tonight 
ft - a great result for chelsea and a clean sheet at last . west ham need a striker ... 0-3 
rooney vs chelsea , http : instagram , compdo0wpkp1ykastor said the only unpardonable sin is not believing in jesus ,
full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea . ! 's! . <3
clinical performance this . well done , lads . mom : super frankie lampard !
end of the game at upton park , westham 0 chelsea 3 .
lampard now on 207 goals for chelsea in all competions and petr cech has 200 cleansheets in the league ! fantastic ! 
chelsea win ? ✓ 3 pts ? ✓ 3rd place ? ✓ away win ? ✓ derby win ? ✓ clean sheet ? ✓ super frank brace vs . former club ? ✓ oscar goal ? ✓ awesome ! ”
great result today chelsea !! back up to 2nd in the table i believe !! slowly but surely we'll catch arsenal !! c'mon chelsea !! 
good result for chelsea . lampard and oscar were stand out players . 
i just put my new pack of cigarettes in the washer & dryer . good job chelsea👍
stroll in the ( upton ) park for . 200 clean sheets for cech , 250th appearance for . 
west ham 0 - 3 chelsea ( lamp-oscar)tonight was a good team performance great victory for my lads 👌 💕 
full time . west ham united 0-3 chelsea .
ft chelsea 3 - 0 west ham well done blues
lampard itu cinta banget sama chelsea , always chelsea . 
matchday 5 : fc basel v chelsea fc
well played chelsea ... top performance . loved super frank scoring twice there !! about as one sided as it could get !!! 
look at life through the windshield , not the rear-view mirror , at strikers when they join chelsea ? â€ they win trophies ,
208 goals for lampard record goal scorer in this fixture 7 it ended westham 0-3 chelsea 
chelsea doesn't like to talk to me a lot anymore
great win for the chelsea . now time to enjoy the boxing . 
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . one of the best away performances so far in the league . dave & lampard were the stars of the show . 3 points 
no ways . bayern and chelsea scored 3 goals each , respectively . i'm soooooo proud !!
goal west ham 0-3 chelsea ( 82 mins) . a second for frank lampard as he sweeps home from just inside the penalty area "
ft 0 - 3 chelsea !!!! met malem met tidur buat tb tba 
cech keeps his clean sheet . the whistle blows . it ends west ham 0 chelsea 3 at upton park .
chelsea takes the w 3-0
well done chelsea . lampard <3
4 chelsea
200th clean sheet for petr cech today ... that's almost half his games for chelsea 
90 ' ft . chelsea 3 lampard x 2 oscar whu 0
3 points for chelsea , a clean sheet for petr cech
i love you chelsea fc ❤️
good job .. ft whu-chelsea || 0-3
it's a shame frank lampard plays for chelsea because well wow 😍
chelsea to score more than 2 was easy money
chelsea are back on track ! 
3 points chelsea . nice goals frank lampard .
 it was as easy as i , 2 , 3 for chelsea tonight
chelsea till i die !!! 
good win today and another two goals for don't think i will see a player beat his goal tally in my lifetime 
i <3 chelsea fc 
ft - west ham 0-3 | fantastic performance and an away clean sheet . perfect .
 pretty poor tonight ..
well done chelsea ! good game 👍👍👏 💙
job well done 
king frank !! 
chelsea till i die ..! 
might not be able to go to chelsea on my birthday now fuck sake😡
 good game by the blues are looking strong this time . 207 makes a cracker of a goal !!!!
great away win ! 
so chelsea get a clean sheet win ... not bad .
absolutely shocking , poor performance westham
three points and a clean sheet for chelsea tonight . yeah !
my poor football team has to deal with me wearing my chelsea jersey to practice every time chelsea wins ! and that's a lot :p
i don't think the indian set of chelsea fans could ever be counted as genuine .
ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea . lampard x2 and oscar with the goals . 
good 3-0 win for chelsea 
good game chelsea good game . team looks strong , but are they strong enough to take on a tough team like southampton ?
allright full time : west ham 0-3 chelsea 
full-time : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea match reports coming up ... who was your man of the match ? 
a clean sheet for checz , a brace for lamps , a win for the blues . west ham 0 chelsea 3
chelsea take it today ..... arsenal the top spot is only temporary to you
brillian chelsea . mikel as pivot give us a security on defence . what a match by dave on the left
mikel is the answer to chelsea's defensive and attacking problem .. he needs to start more often .
ft chelsea 3-0 westham good job :)
well done , chelsea ! thanks super frank , thanks so oscar : * have a nice sleep , blues 
another good victory by blues . very very important 3 points . ft at upton park .. west ham united 0-3 chelsea . 
yeahhh chelsea mng 3-0 . iloveyouuu lampard ❤️
people tweeting about 1d thing and i'm sat in the pub constantly checking the chelsea score on sky sports😂
chelsea fc is in third now !! ⚽️😘☺️
great come back from jose mou ... da special 1 . 
final en upton park ! || west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard x2 , oscar ) 
chelsea takes the points thank u very much 3rd place
west ham v chelsea – as it happened | scott murray : minute-by-minute report :  frank lampard scored twice as chelsea easily saw off a d ...
chelsea extend their unbeaten run in london derbies to 7 . 
 is the game , is the team an blue is the color . mypride . 
arsenal , chelsea , psg , barca , b . munich have all won . just real madrid left for a decent acca ! come on ronny boy ! 💷💷💷💷💷
pls wats d scores .. chelsea game ???
beautiful win by chelsea ☑♥
well done chelsea and west ham :) 
chelsea is in 3rd😌
arsenal , liverpool and chelsea in the top 3
chelsea were about to offload lampard hah , they would have regretted that
good job chelsea 3 poin ( y ) keep the blue flag flying high !!
chelsea 3 - 0 west ham . 
solid chelsea win ... very ... solid . like a rock
as far as bayern goes , unstoppable team . will slaughter real madrid , barcelona , chelsea , man city etc .
today was the frank lampard show at upton park . what a player ! what a legend he is for chelsea fc . 207 goals and counting 
full time : westham united 0-3 chelsea goals [ lampard x2 , oscar ]
chelsea is third ?
chelsea and bayern win ! lampard scored ! clean sheet !
see you at matchday 5 : fc basel v chelsea fc
who got the assist for chelsea's 3rd goal ?
didn't turn up west ham , chelsea never really needed to step it up . shocking at home again , i don't think they'll go down though .
perfect 3 pionts for chelsea balm day
i remember chelsea wen they was shit wen the ball used to hit the car windows behind the goal haha and sun put a ad out save the bridge lol
granted west ham found lampard but chelsea turned him into a ledge
well played chelsea 
1st : arsenal 28 points ~ 2nd : liverpool 24 points ~ 3rd : chelsea 24 points ~ 4th : southampton 22 points ~
frank lampard scores twice against his former club as chelsea beat west ham to move third in the premier league . 
i'm forever blowing bubbles , pretty bubbles in the air . they fly so high reach the blue sky , like chelsea they never fade and die
feeling extremely sad for dortmund but at the same time feeling very happy for chelsea . 
justin bieber to chelsea fc ? wowww
full time : west ham 0 vs chelsea 3 
chelsea winning 3-0 ? yeah i can dig it . 
west ham 0 - 3 chelsea who was your man of the match ?
victoire 3-0 de chelsea >>>> 
i see liverpool buying 1 or 2 chelsea players in the next transfer window . maybe victor moses on a permanent too . who knows ?
ft west ham utd 0 - 3 chelsea fc lampard [ 0-1 ] [ pen ] oscar [ 0-2 ] lampard [ 0-3 ] who was your man of the match 
yet another london derby won by the chelsea 
chelsea are unbeaten in our last seven london derbies , having won five of them . just brilliant ! - 
i really like chelsea more than mcchicken
otherwise its the same scoreline like the chelsea one ! borussia dortmund 0 - 3 bayern munich .
chelsea was exellent tonite ! best bk 5 in the lge .
great win from the lads ! we played very well ! important that we kept a clean sheet as well ! come on chelsea ! 
west ham united 0-3 chelsea 
chelsea's first premier league win in november in two years
alpari are westham's sponsor ?
ft : west ham 0-3 chelsea . two from lampard and one from oscar 💙
boise wins 100-80 , chelsea was 3-0 , come on duke !
premier league west ham 0-3 chelsea goles : lampardx2 , oscar
lampard makes it chelsea 3-0 west ham
that's the of first spell as the gaffer 
ft : west ham 0 vs 3 ( lampard 20 ' 82 " oscar 33 ' ) chelsea fc · barclays premier league · keep the blue flag flying high !!
my gift birthday from chelsea . ft west ham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard[pk] , oscar , lampard ) thank you 
chelsea finish week 12 with the 3rd position , and arsenal retaining their number one spot for many consecutive weeks ... 
only team i wouldn't mind winning the league us chelsea
why do so many united fans care what chelsea are doing ? united are only team i care about ..
arsenal won . liverpool drew . chelsea won . so the conclusion is , man utd must win the game against cardiff tomorrow !!!!
congrats to petr cech on his 200th clean sheet & to michael essien on his 250th game for chelsea . 
full time .. west ham 0 - 3 chelsea
nice game lads !!! chelsea
207 chelsea pride of london !!!
arsenal , liverpool & chelsea won ! so tomorrow's is a must win game !!
ft west ham 0 - 3 chelsea gol : lampard - oscar - lampard man of the match : super frankie 
chelsea had 2depend on a pensionnaire to score two goals ......!!! * smh *
most chelsea fans don't know their league position
fulltime : west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea . chelsea up to 3rd place in the league with 24points . 
3-0 chelsea . great win .
i guess when you turn off the main road , yout of difference , i always dreamed of wearing chelsea's jersey ," 
chelsea 3-0 and only scores 2 . high time to get rid of that has-been . 
chelsea pride of london & only club in london to win the champions league :)
thank you chelsea .
west ham united 0 - 1 chelsea . 21 ' frank lampard scores for chelsea on a penalty ! 
west-ham 0-2 chelsea 
from chelsea's game to madrid's , today is gonna be blessed
well done chelsea . 
english premier league , ft : west ham united 0-3 chelsea 
west ham united 0 - 2 chelsea . 34 ' oscar scores for chelsea ! 
gloryglory chelsea 3-0 wins a clean sheet !! unlucky ba check your line next time☺ !!!! ☑
today was really super saturday , matches was good . 
the only teams i am scared of in europe are still barcelona , madrid and chelsea .
a blue chelsea won the women's race toay which can only mean bad things for west ham united .
well done 
chelsea will win the league .
chelsea whipped west ham so nasty thank u lampard for the swag we have recieved
good game chelsea
west ham united 0:3 chelsea . lampard 22'(p ) , 84 ; oscar 35 '. congratulations !
fantastic day in sports . tarheels and chelsea both dominating .
chelsea's players go over to applaud the away end - who by now are practically the only people left in upton park . great support today .
west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea . 82 ' frank lampard scores for chelsea ! 
westham united 0 - 3 chelsea 
chelsea extend their unbeaten run in london derbies to 7 . 
chelsea with the quick w na meannn 😏 . well done lads 👏 💙🙌🙏 
 all the way !!!!
chelsea needs to hurry and get off work . i want her to come shopping with mae
chelsea now 3rd in the table same point with liverpool and 4points behind the leader arsenal . 
ft : westham 0-3 chelsea ( lampard 2gol , oscar ) horeeee 3point
good stuff chelsea :)
chelsea trending now 😁
£10 punt arsenal chelsea bayern munich wins @ 5.23 total p+l= +42
petr cech has kept his 146th pl clean sheet & his 205th overall for chelsea . 
west ham 0-3 chelsea 
no idea now people can say stevie g is better than lamps , the chelsea game just shows you how quality he is
yeeeeeaaaah . chelsea win it is . night world !
chelsea menang , munchen menang . my satnight is awesome ! <=- p
good chelsea ❤️ viva madrid ❤️
great job chelsea !
very well chelsea ! 
melbourne win 3-0 chelsea win 3-0 all up its been a top night of football ( y )
chelsea also blanked west ham , so that's good .
chelsea needs to play like this against all shit teams ... for once we didn't play down to their level ..... and no lampard is not back 
ft whu 0-3 chelsea fc ... good night lads
great victory for chelsea today ! so pleased with that performance !! :dd
chelsea away kit could pass for a french kit
good day in sports so far : chelsea wins 3-0 vs . west ham ! frank lampard , well done .. a good omen for tonight's big game ? 
chelsea on point !
west ham - chelsea 0-3 
we laff ' you chelsea 
things i would of rather of done than watch west ham v chelsea ..... 1 . get fingered by an elephant
great job chelsea ! moving on up ! #3 
chelsea !! you guys did it again ! never disappoint me !
unbelievable how my saints , westham double didn't come in today , easy money i thought
 lampard has 207 goals for chelsea now ! the highest goal scorer in our history . what a legend ! 
alhamdulillah 3 poin , thank's chelsea ! thank's lampard and oscar for the goals ! 
weymouth win , chelsea win and exeter races tommorow !! good times !
lampard's best performance of the season . probably chelsea's too
chelsea .... arsenal .... derby .... milwall ..... chesterfield .... fleet wood boom !!! £340 thnk u very much💷
my beloved chelsea was victorious today .. 
big ups to all fellow cfc fans . name is chelsea & we are champions
get in there chelsea ! #3rd
well done chelsea
3 points from cardiff will see us in the top four . chelsea hitting form too . arsenal and liverpool should be worried .
this is chelsea !
love frankie lampard . such a consistent player 
boys won this morning , ayr won and now chelsea have won ! been a good day !
i fucking hate chelsea
westham done and dusted . champs league next , basel beware !!!!
you know chelsea must be crap when guy demel rips up their defence
nice easy win ! well played chelsea . nice scorecast of lampard fgs and 3-0 win as well :)
i cld just hear barney bear saying " u are chelsea lucky charm " hahahahaha but pon a real few games i've watched n they played crappy 👏👏👏👏👏
chelsea wins and i will sleep good night everyone
chelsea vs west ham united was a boring as game
great performance by chelsea today . best performers - oscar , mikel , azpi & lampard . no player gave a performance less than 6/10 .
yes another great victory for chelsea . 3rd place lets go
today in bpl ft : west ham 0 - 3 chelsea < drm >
full time ! it's a win for chelsea !
proud ! chelsea at the first top trend in twitter ! 
west ham united ( 0-3 ) chelsea 
i wish chelsea reply !!! i need to know which one to wear
good win chelsea .
best chelsea game ive seen in a while
yeah , london isn't whu but chelsea !
i don't see anyone stopping bayern man ! well maybe chelsea coz of jose knows how to beat pep
chelsea up to 3rd place in the league with 24 points . yay !
my chelsea <3 
finalmente : west ham united 0 - chelsea 3
please , tell me who has scored third goal for chelsea ??? 
 ft : west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea .
chelsea's win made my day .
all i can say to chelsea fans is good luck getting out of upton park this evening ...
petr cech has kept his 146th pl clean sheet & his 205th overall for chelsea . - 
england - premier league november 24 ft west ham united 0 - 3 chelsea
spent the last two hours watching the chelsea match and only asked/googled about 10 questions . 
yaaaaaassssss chelsea 3-0 full time £15 up from todays coupon absolutely brill from chelsea barca psg qpr and celtic 
fuck off westham
chelsea extend their unbeaten run in london derbies to 7 . 
oya arsenal and chelsea don do their own o . e remain 2 laff moyes 2mao . so moyes if u like play esi .
good job chelsea ! 3rd position .
good save from cech in the last seconds to keep his clean sheet . the whistle blows . it ends west ham 0 chelsea 3 at upton park . 
chelsea the best
ft : west ham utd 0 - 3 chelsea | goal by lampard ( p ) 21 ' 82 ' oscar 34 ' 
good game chelsea ! vital 3pts regroup and ready up for the next match
 absolutely bossed the midfield today ! cool and collected on the ball and keeps the team ticking 
just got back after a tiring day full of various sports . glad to see chelsea returning to winning ways though . clean-sheet + 3 goals .
3-0 for bayern and chelsea what can you ask for as football loving fan
third place . i can kiss the right now . 
wish we scored 4 ... believe it or not we miss torres abit ... nice win ! chelsea for the top !!!
very good performance today . 3 away goals . more importantly , a much needed clean sheet and 3 points . 2nd place in the table 
ft : west ham united 0-3 chelsea
ht : 3-0 west ham . what a match ! what a win ! brilliant performances by lampard , oscar , and azpi . motm for me . 
out of all the girls in jones hall n my class here i fuxks with angel , chelsea came here and thought i had a friend .
well chelsea are just lucky we didn't bring c . cole on .
lampard fails to take home the match ball as he failed to score a hat-trick , it ends west ham 0-3 chelsea . dz
fuck you chelsea you fucking cunts .
as much as i'm not an admirer of chelsea you have to give it to lampard for his ever green commitment to the cause , model professional
fuck chelsea !!
chelsea 3 - 0 , munchen 3 - 0 full time ! great game ! good night .
and chelsea get the w , great day !
the treble lands of newcastle arsenal and chelsea at just over 3/1 to add to today's winners
yasssss what a result chelsea !!!!!
frank lampard who kisses the chelsea crest in front of the fans of his old club who created his career . disrespectful .
chelsea 3 .... west ham 0 . thanks to lampard and oscar ! good win !
chelsea 3 - west ham 0 yeay i'm very happy ☺♥
forever chelsea ←♡ ..
yes ! chelsea da best ! 
watching real madrid wearing this blue kit is like watching chelsea again !
chelsea with the solid win today
and this is the same frank lampard whose future at chelsea was a doubt not so long ago . revived relic .
chelsea , aldershot and las palmas all win in one day 
west ham 0-3 chelsea , ft .
so happy with chelsea's result today 
big four don show back !!!! arsenal , liverpool , chelsea , man-u !!!!!
not just a win for chelsea but a win in novermber ! yes that is something rare for chelsea
congratulations chelsea , more of that to come in jesus name
chelsea fans on ma tl make me sick . see how dey've forgotten mata so soon . he was chelsea's savior for 2 seasons . no u guys disrespect him
too bad about the chelsea score . 4 point cushion the most important thing though
chelsea match over ... we the blues hav won ... 3 - 0 nw tym to shift to cr7
well done to our fellow london mates chelsea well done but you still need to climb that ladder to catch up boys .
in the boot of a car on the way home from westham
good play chelsea
ft : 3 points 3 goals . 
bloody brilliant chelsea !!! wonderful victory against that team !! <3 we love you chelsea !!
great win for chelsea
full time : chelsea 3 - 0 westham united
chelsea's done it for that acca if aus finish the job here and sa win later i'll be counting the money 
my mom lost my chelsea jersey . great .
but did west ham actually think they were going to win ?! 
chelsea fc , we r all smiles at this part of the world !
had a nice winner on ( betting in running west ham v chelsea ) with - 
frank lampard notched a brace against his old club west ham as chelsea won 3-0 at upton park to climb into third in the premier league .
ft : westham 0 - 3 chelsea 2 goals from super frankie and 1 from 
a great win for chelsea !!!!
liverpool still on 2nd place . chelsea 3rd . both have same goal difference ( 11 ) but liverpool scores more goal than chelsea . ( 24 v 21 )
moyes gats win nxt 2mao cos his nxt 2 matches are spurs and chelsea sent lukaku .
chelsea 3-0 cool , calm , solid <3 lamps x2 oscar x1
that's what i call hammer time ;-) . west ham hammered by their former player and a chelsea legend . 
just when i wanna watch chelsea's match . and it's full time . aiks ! anyway , congrats chelsea ! nice 3 !
if chelsea carry on like this we will win the title
chelsea go 3rd .
i have no penis no more because i stood in the cold to watch westham lose ... again
chelsea good game 💙
had a nice winner on 3ormoregoalsinthematch ( betting in running west ham v chelsea ) with - 
yee , 3-0 to chelsea , get in there
an absolutely brilliant performance from chelsea at upton park , can't think of one player that didn't put in a good performance . 3-0 ft 
chelsea beasting .
sick game by chelsea ! lampard with a brace and oscar with a single ! 3-0
feel hapy .. chelsea win 3-0 ..
 overcomes 
pirates won , nd chelsea won ... i must say it was a wonderful week 4 me
i just want a mention for my daughter chelsea scott , she died in june , it would be nice for her to be recognised #1ddaylive
west ham 0 - chelsea 3 only one thing : frank lampard = universal god 
so chelsea's support is nearly as bad as arsenal's 
chelsea record a 3-0 win away at west ham . two goals from lampard and one from oscar .
having 3-0 chelsea on a £5 at 11s just topping this saturday off now need froch ko in 8 👍 .
nice game chelsea . it couldn't have been better 
i turn off all contact when chelsea are playing !
well we're f*****d ! chelsea weren't even at their best this is hopeless relegation at this rate ! 
well done chelsea good result
solid win for chelsea today . they're level with liverpool for 2nd place in the table . 
i . don't think there is a more hateful team in the league than chelsea . they just wreak of utter scumbagness .
good win for chelsea with a clean sheet to go with .. up to third behind liverpool on goal difference . 
chelsea don't like november so this a great win !!
chelsea is on a bowling team
good result for chelsea
chelsea has some the best talents in the world 
taxi for big sam 
massive shout for azpilicueta , has gotten on with it , adapted & worked to earn his place & keep it 
chelsea with an easy 3-0 win should have been 4 but ba's goal was counted offsides unlucky but good win
chelsea won yayyyyy i love everyone !!!!!!!!
chelsea sent an incredible 25 players out on loan this summer , to obtain it on equable n lasting terms , ~ andrew jackson
well done chelsea 
 ft : chelsea(lampard'21;82 , oscar'34 ) 3-0 whu 207goals lampard 
full time west ham united 0-3 chelsea goal from frank lampard 21′(pg) , oscar 34′ , frank lampard 82′

thank you chelsea for the win ! £276 win on my accumulator .
" chelsea will play four three fucking three !"
chelsea with a great result ! hope another chelsea boy can win tonight ! come on groves 👌💥💥
ft : chelsea 3 - 0 west ham ! that shud've been at least 10 - 0 ... chelsea 2nd in the table ! 
up chelsea ! good football .
good win for chelsea , lampard was a beast today . ⚽ 👌
 almeria - chelsea
200 clean sheets for cech . 207 goals for lampard . 3 points for chelsea . great match . 
chelsea played well so far during the game . next is cfc v saints . tough game for me ! 
this chick spoke to me all day , then she said she was a chelsea fan . so i deleted her 😂 goodbye
what happened westham , 3-0 , are you having a bubble ?
" chelsea go into 3rd !"
nobody will ever understand me and chelsea relationship
i swear chelsea is the best girlfriend ever . ❤️😍😊
great win chelsea !
good performance from chelsea
west ham united 0-3 chelsea
final : west ham 0 - 3 
great performance chelsea , a much needed 3 points ! 
no love will ever compare to the love i have for chelsea football club . 
chelsea always coming from jerusalem !
 ~ chelsea sub : samuel eto'o off ; ba on . ( 78 mins ) 
chelsea girls needs a new head basketball coach .
full time . west ham 0-3 chelsea , frank lampard scored two goals and an one goal from oscar . 
fact : chelsea are unbeaten in their last seven london derbies in the league ( w5 , d2 )
at least chelsea romped home the day noo froch tae demolish groves 👊 am away fur another £20 roon o 2 drinks 
if she don't cum i'll tickle her bum with a lump of 
chelsea back on course
full time at upton park . west ham united 0 vs 3 chelsea fc 
westham is a whack ... no wonder i forever love chelsea ..
each day provides its own gifts , marcus aurelius be winning the race to sign juan mata from chelsea 
what better way to celebrate my chelsea tattoo than the boys beating those bastards on their own patch and my two favourite players scoring !
ft west ham 0 chelsea 3 lots of west ham fans calling for sam to be sacked or nolan to be dropped . 
